Additional file 9: Table S7. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2011_sel_a_f_02 from Marion Island.
Planktonic foraminifera, stable isotope record and temperature reconstruction of sediment core MD95-2040.
Additional file 9 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Sea surface temperature (Mg/Ca) from ODP Hole 161-977A.
Compilation of pollen productivity estimates and taxonomically harmonised relative pollen productivity (RPP) datasets for Europe, northern America, China and the Northern Hemisphere extratropics.
Composite Grid (DTM) and Backscatter Mosaics of EM120 and EM122 Multibeam Echosounder (MBES) Bathymetry of Cruises MSM20-2 and MSM24 around Tristan da Cunha.
CCDC 915943: Experimental Crystal Structure Determination
Abundance and biomass of dinoflagellates and ciliates at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, 2007-2009.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/006-18.
Planktonic foraminiferal δ¹⁸O values and apparent calcification depths of core-top samples along an east-west transect across the tropical Atlantic/Caribbean.
Synchronization of the NGRIP, GRIP, and GISP2 ice cores.
Characteristics and radiocarbon ages of four retrogressive thaw slumps on Herschel Island and King Point.
Egg and early larval stages of Baltic cod, Gadus morhua duirng ocean acidification experiments, 2012.
Composite δ¹⁸O from LSF16 and LSF3 speleothems collected from Lapa Sem Fim cave, central-eastern and northeastern Brazil.
Elemental analysis of mumiyo deposits from central Dronning Maud Land.
Wind and backscatter profiles measured by a wind lidar during POLARSTERN cruise PS96 (ANT-XXXI/2 FROSN).
Abundance patterns and isotopic signals of morphotypes of Globigerinoides ruber.
Appendix A. Sampling and experimental sites at Kaikoura and Banks Peninsula on the east coast, and Nine- and Twelve-Mile Beaches on the west coast of southern New Zealand.
Global data sets of Chlorophyll a concentration for diatoms, coccolithophores (haptophytes) and cyanobacteria obtained from in situ observations and satellite retrievals.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and processes during experiments with benthic foraminifera Ammonia tepida.
Influence of snow depth and surface flooding on light transmission through Antarctic pack ice, supplementary data.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110626Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Physiology, growth and development of larval krill ''Euphausia superba'' in autumn and winter in the Lazarev Sea, Antarctica.
10. Benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes from sediment core GeoB7011-1.
Absorption coefficient spectra (median) of phytoplankton during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
Isotopic data of atmospheric methane from EDML and Vostok ice cores over a full glacial cycle.
Physical oceanography and methane of surface water measured during cruise ALKOR 66/2.
Additional file 3: of Nonlinear transcriptomic response to dietary fat intake in the small intestine of C57BL/6J mice
Coral and mollusc resistance to ocean acidification adversely affected by warming, 2011.
(Appendix 6) Benthic foraminifera at termination II in sediment core GIK23414-9 in the Norwegian Sea.
Mesozooplankton abundances at time series station Helgoland Roads, in 2015.
200,000 years of monsoonal history recorded on the lower Bengal Fan , IODP Hole 354-U1452C.
Sea ice thickness distribution (ITD) Model for the Arctic, links to NetCDF files.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and survival of Gnathia aureamaculosa.
Warming has stronger direct than indirect effects on benthic microalgae in a seaweed system in spring.
Oxygen isotopes of the planktic foraminifer Neogloboquadrina pachyderma (s) in MIS6 of IODP Site 303-1308.
Henneguya sacacaensis n. sp. (Myxozoa: Myxosporea) parasitizing gills of the acará bicudo Satanoperca jurupari (Osteichthyes: Cichlidae) in eastern Amazon
Surface Ocean CO2 Atlas (SOCAT) V3.
Data for: Chromium isotope cycling in the water column and sediments of the Peruvian continental margin
Iron analysis in bottle profiles off Mauritania.
Effects of ocean acidification on respiration, growth and C:N ratio of arctic Hyas araneus larvae.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110509Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Depth profile of Fe solubility from GO-Flo station M68/3_261.
Occurrence records of Geodia species (Porifera, Demospongiae, Tetractinellida) from the North Atlantic and Arctic Oceans.
Supplementary information 1 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Environmental and biological data from deep-sea sponge aggregations in the Faroe-Shetland Channel Nature Conservation Marine Protected Area.
Colored dissolved organic matter (CDOM) and dissolved organic carbon (DOC) measured during cruise TRANSDRIFT-XIX, Laptev Sea.
(Fig. 6) Coral content of sediment core GeoB6729-1.
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML22C98_11.
Hyperspectral imager (UHI) data files acquired on SONNE cruise SO242/2, ROV dive SO242/191-1.
Calcium concentration ratios from the ice core GRIP on the GICC05 time scale.
(Table S1) General information of solid phase extracted dissolved organic matter from porewater and overlying bottom water collected during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM29 and Polarstern cruise PS85 to the Fram Strait.
Mesozooplankton abundances at time series station Helgoland Roads, in 2016.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_054 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR3_MTB_5.
Coral oxygen isotope and Sr/Ca data from the Northern Gulf of Aqaba (last interglacial), sample AQB-3-A.
­Calibrated data of stable water isotope measurements in water vapour at 13.5 m a.s.l., made in the austral summer of 2016/2017 around the Southern Ocean during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Impact of high CO2 on the geochemistry of the coralline algae Lithothamnion glaciale.
Impact of ocean acidification and warming on respiration, heart rate and acid-base status of Mytilus edulis from the North Sea.
FOFS measurements and metabolic performance records for transplants and recruits of Mytilus spp. incubated using KOBs in summer 2018.
Additional file 15 of Disentangling the mechanisms shaping the surface ocean microbiota
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_754-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and swimming performance of Tritia reticulata (L.) veligers.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_052 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 2: of Global gene expression in muscle from fasted/refed trout reveals up-regulation of genes promoting myofibre hypertrophy but not myofibre production
Abundance and distribution of planktonic Copepoda in the Southern Ocean and other regions from 1980 to 2005.
Temperature time series and physical properties of snow samples of a high-arctic permafrost site on Svalbard, Norway.
At surface behaviour at location on spot and dive depth profile data of southern elephant seals from Marion Island 2006 - 2013.
Physico-chemical parameters and accession numbers from the Lilliput hydrothermal field, southern Mid-Atlantic Ridge (9°S).
European sea bass, Dicentrarchus labrax, in a changing ocean.
Ostracodes in bottom sediments of the Laptev Sea.
Snow temperature time series at station P3 near Ny-Ålesund, Svalbard, Norway.
Stable isotope record of planktonic foraminifera from the western Iberian margin during marine isotope stage 2.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth, photosynthetic and calcification rates of a coastal strain of Emiliania huxleyi.
Example Instantiations of the e-Infrastructure Catalogue of Services [vsn02]
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification in the temperate coral Turbinaria reniformis.
Additional file 1 of Genome-wide identification of loci associated with growth in rainbow trout
Aerosol size distribution between 90 and 5000 nm at Neumayer III station during the year 2017.
Abundance of dinoflagellates and ciliates at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2009.
Additional file 1: of Satellite DNA in Paphiopedilum subgenus Parvisepalum as revealed by high-throughput sequencing and fluorescent in situ hybridization
Additional file 2: of Analysis of coastal cod (Gadus morhua L.) sampled on spawning sites reveals a genetic gradient throughout Norway’s coastline
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and physiology of Ulva lactuca (Chlorophyta) in a rockpool-scenario.
Summary table reporting the number of hauls (with zero and positive catches) recorded during the observing programme conducted between 2006 and 2015.
Orthomosaic of Samoylov Island, Lena Delta, Siberia.
Resistance of an Arctic phytoplankton assemblages to ocean acidification and high irradiance, link to supplement in MS Excel format.
CN of diatom-bound organic matter in surface sediments.
Autonomous phase-sensitive radar (ApRES) measurements at EastGRIP drill site, Greenland.
(Appendix B) Planktonic foraminiferal δ¹⁸O values of core-top samples along an east-west transect across the tropical Atlantic/Caribbean.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Balanophyllia europaea gross calcification during experiments, 2011.
Simultaneous high-resolution pH and spectrophotometric recordings of oxygen binding in native blood microvolumes, link to supplementary material.
Macrofauna abundance and biomass at the LTER observatory HAUSGARTEN in 2016.
(Table 7) Distribution of ostracode species in surface sediments of the central Laptev Sea.
First record of Spirocamallanus krameri (Nematoda: Camallanidae) in Brazil: Morphological review
Table 1. Isotopic composition of hydrated and dehydrated subsamples from sediment core M56_278.
Appendix A. A table listing the seaweeds used, sitea at which they were collected, and texts used to identify them.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_022 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Simulated Bromoform emission and concentration using the ocean biogeochemistry model MPIOM/HAMOCC forced by 6-hourly NCEP data.
Gridded Atlantic Ocean 'natural' pre-bomb surface mean reservoir age
Additional file 4 of Host habitat is the major determinant of the gut microbiome of fish
Mineralogy and stable isotopic composition of authigenic carbonate samples from Chapopote TVG-6.
SAFIRE borehole, AWS and GPS datasets
Sediment data from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-1908-A.
Abundance of epibenthic echinoderms at seafloor photography station POS196_996.
Convection over sea ice leads: large eddy simulation data.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2009.
Dissolved iron and Fe(II) in an iron induced Southern Ocean phytoplankton bloom measured during TANGAROA cruise SOIREE.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO239_28-1_AUV3 (Abyss_169) during SONNE cruise SO239.
Macroalgal communities of gas vents near Ischia island in the Medterranean sea, 2011.
(Table 1) Individual codes, GenBank accession numbers and sampling location for the specimens of Glyptonotus collected during two POLARSTERN expeditions.
Appendix D. Macroalgal composition.
Nitrogen fixation and carbon uptake rates during METEOR cruise M97.
Metadata record for: The SCOC database, a large, open, and global database with sediment community oxygen consumption rates
Additional file 1 of Physical mapping of repetitive oligonucleotides facilitates the establishment of a genome map-based karyotype to identify chromosomal variations in peanut
Data for: STRUCTURAL EVOLUTION OF MANTLE PERIDOTITIC ROCKS - A FORCED TRANSITION FROM DUCTILE TO BRITTLE REGIME IN THE EQUATORIAL ATLANTIC
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes of foraminifera, Globigerinoides ruber and Globigerinella siphonifera during experiments, 2011.
Additional file 4 of Physical mapping of repetitive oligonucleotides facilitates the establishment of a genome map-based karyotype to identify chromosomal variations in peanut
Appendix G. Prey excursion size in relation to alternative metric of chronic predation risk.
Supplementary Material for: A Revised Genome Assembly of the Region 5′ to Canine SOX9 Includes the RevSex Orthologous Region
Distribution of marine litter at bathyal and abyssal depths in the Mediterranean Sea. By-catch of various trawl catches during the expedition BIOFUN 1 on the research vessel Sarmiento de Gamboa.
(Figure 3) Dissolved aluminium concentrations during POLARSTERN Cruise ANT-XXIV/3.
Table S4. Past Himalayan erosion from Bengal Fan: Major and trace element results.
Methane concentrations of MeBo sediment core GMMB03.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, growth rate and morphology of Calcidiscus leptoporus (RCC1135) during experiments, 2011.
Changes in hematological and biochemical parameters of tambaqui (Colossoma macropomum ) parasitized by metazoan species
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_012 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table 1) Biological and chemical characteristics of surface water stations during Nathaniel B. Palmer cruise NBP06-08 to the Ross Sea.
Pseudo-first order oxidation rate, apparent oxidation rate and half-life time of Fe(II) under different pH conditions for seawater enriched with nutrients (SWEN) and seawater enriched organic exudates (SWEX).
Additional file 1: of Phylogenetic and morphological characterization of trypanosomes from Brazilian armoured catfishes and leeches reveal high species diversity, mixed infections and a new fish trypanosome species
Protocol for chromosome-specific probe construction using PRINS, micromanipulation and DOP-PCR techniques
Seawater carbonate chemistry, nutrients, and Calcidiscus leptoporus (strain RCC1135) growth rate and calcification rate during experiments, 2012.
floodX Preprocessed Monitoring Data
Mediterranean Sea Waves Analysis and Forecast (CMEMS MED-Waves)
Additional file 7: Table S4. of Fish connectivity mapping: linking chemical stressors by their mechanisms of action-driven transcriptomic profiles
Additional file 1: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Total macrobenthos abundance during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM15/1 from the target sites of Istanbul Strait (Bosporus outlet), Black Sea.
Spatial patterns of fish species richness in the Mediterranean Sea based on superimposed expert-drawn maps.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100515Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Age model, stable isotopes, major element proportions and endmember unmixing results from four western tropical Atlantic cores.
Land seismic data of the ALPHA amphibious controlled source experiment - Datasets
Depth profile of Fe solubility from GO-Flo station M68/3_289.
Additional file 3: of A Go-type opsin mediates the shadow reflex in the annelid Platynereis dumerilii
Additional file 8: Figure S5. of Differences in neurochemical profiles of two gadid species under ocean warming and acidification
(Table 3) Contribution of Th and U isotopes by each grain size class in percentage of the total inventory.
(Table 5) Radiocarbon ages of plant macro-fossils in retrogressive thaw slumps on Herschel Island and King Point.
Additional file 1: Figure S3. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Registry of all stations from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
(Table 2) Shear strength, active layer depth and soil characteristics of retrogressive thaw slumps on Herschel Island and King Point.
Early Holocene Greenland Ice Core Chronology 2005 (GICC05) and 10 year means of oxygen isotope data from ice core GRIP.
Spermiotoxicity of nickel nanoparticles in the marine invertebrate Ciona intestinalis (ascidians)
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Globigerinoides sacculifer biological processes during experiments, 2010.
ESA Data User Element (DUE) Permafrost: Circumpolar Remote Sensing Service for Permafrost (Full Product Set) with links to datasets.
Data for: Global political responsibility for the conservation of albatrosses and large petrels
Radiocarbon dates of sediment core M45/5_86.
Additional file 25 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Seawater carbonate chemistry and DNA, RNA, proteins and mass of Gadus morhua during experiments (Experiment 5), 2012.
A-MC-ICP-MS boron isotope data for pH reconstruction using Clathromorphum nereostratum (Figure 4 c).
(Fig. 1D, 3E) Sea surface temperature and alkenone C37:4 for sediment core MD01-2444 during the penultimate glaciation.
Supplementary material 1 from: Scacchetti P, Pansonato-Alves J, Utsunomia R, Oliveira C, Foresti F (2011) Karyotypic diversity in four species of the genus Gymnotus Linnaeus, 1758 (Teleostei, Gymnotiformes, Gymnotidae): physical mapping of ribosomal genes and telomeric sequences. Comparative Cytogenetics 5(3): 223-235. https://doi.org/10.3897/compcytogen.v5i3.1375
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit PRM10 (profile D) from Petermann Range.
Epifaunal composition and densities measured along ROV video transects during SONNE cruise SO239.
(Appendix 1b) Abundance and stable oxygen and carbon isotope ratios of Globigerinoides ruber in the Holocene section of ODP Hole 160-964A.
Mesocosm experiment on warming and acidification effects in 2012: Cell size for taxa measured microscopically.
Experimental measurements of a synchronized flow velocity and a marine current turbine power production
CLIvar and MOde water Dynamics Experiment (CLIMODE) and Antarctic Intermediate Water (AAIW) Float Data Archive
Compilation of high-resolution Holocene Mg/Ca and Uk37 SST reconstructions.
(Table S2) First order shipboard age model of IODP Site 321-U1338.
Additional file 11 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Additional file 12: of Identification of the meiotic toolkit in diatoms and exploration of meiosis-specific SPO11 and RAD51 homologs in the sexual species Pseudo-nitzschia multistriata and Seminavis robusta
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO242/1_83-1_AUV10 (Abyss_196) during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Data from the study presented in the paper 'Understanding scales of density-dependence to improve the use of resources in benthic mussel aquaculture'
Soil data at station Bayelva (2019, level 1).
Dataset 1 from Phylogenetic and functional evidence suggests that deep-ocean ecosystems are highly sensitive to environmental change and direct human disturbance.
Whale reflectance spectra
Appendix B. Photographs of species, communities, and experimental set-up.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and respiration rates, protein and lipid content of Balanophyllia elegans.
Additional file 7: Table S5. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Seawater carbonate chemistry and the response to cadmium of stress-related genes in Mytilus galloprovincialis.
Appendix B. Details of study site, experimental setup, statistical methods, and supplementary results, including tables of statistical analysis and figures of common species.
Benthic foraminifera in surface sediments, South Atlantic.
Benthic foraminiferal abundances from eastern Baffin Bay, sediment core AMD14-204C.
Global chlorophyll a concentrations for diatoms, haptophytes and prokaryotes obtained with the Diagnostic Pigment Analysis of HPLC data compiled from several databases and individual cruises.
Continuous thermosalinograph oceanography along POLARSTERN cruise track ANT-XVIII/3.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_432-2.
Genotypes of Bathymodiolus vent mussels from the Mid-Atlantic Ridge using SNP and mitochondrial markers.
(Figure 5) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-3-E, 6.22 ka.
Ocean acidification decreases plankton respiration: evidence from a mesocosm experiment.
Seismic refraction and wide-angle reflection data from profile MSM71-P02 of Maria S. Merian cruise MSM71 in the Ligurian Basin, with links to SGY data files.
Metadata record for: The BenBioDen database, a global database for meio-, macro- and megabenthic biomass and densities
Sampling information, length measurements, DNA alignments, models and phylogenetics trees for Oithona similis s.l.
Combining Individual Phenotypes of Feed Intake with Genomic Data to Improve Feed Efficiency in Sea Bass
The influence of seawater pH on U/ Ca ratios in the scleractinian cold-water coral Lophelia pertusa.
main_runSimulation.R from To adapt or go extinct? The fate of megafaunal palm fruits under past global change.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and neurochemical profiles of two gadid species.
Circumpolar surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw surface status remote sensing products (Version 2) with links to geotiff images and NetCDF files (2007-01 to 2010-09).
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-23 (IceTh_ROVgrid_IceStation2).
Stable isotope analysis of jellyfish in Kiel Fjord, Western Baltic Sea during POLARFUCHS cruises (June - October 2011).
Appendix C. Details on the methods used to identify putative Magellanic foraging depths.
Model output from N isotope global inverse model
Plant leaf wax (n-alkane) data from sediment core MD96-2048.
Age model of IODP Site 306-U1313.
Linear Kinematic Features (leads & pressure ridges) detected and tracked in RADARSAT Geophysical Processor System (RGPS) sea-ice deformation data from 1997 to 2008.
(Fig. 3) Pollen and spore record of profile LAO22-95.
Body length, dry mass, carbon, nitrogen, lipid, and protein of Euphausia superba, larvae, furcilia III.
Nitrogen loss rates measurements for the Peruvian oxygen minimum zone sampled in November 2012.
Additional file 1 of Effects of habitat modifications on the movement behavior of animals: the case study of Fish Aggregating Devices (FADs) and tropical tunas
MOESM5 of How effective are created or restored freshwater wetlands for nitrogen and phosphorus removal?Â A systematic review
Intercalibrated dataset of in situ dissolved organic matter fluorescence from ice tethered profile 72 in the Central Arctic (2013).
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1995-1999. Part 2.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110928Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172040.
47 ground-penetrating radar lines of Area 4 - Gravel spit system from Potter Cove, King George Island, Antarctic Peninsula.
Metadata record for: Daily transcriptomes of the copepod Calanus finmarchicus during the summer solstice at high Arctic latitudes
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA13.
Dataset 4A from Phylogenetic and functional evidence suggests that deep-ocean ecosystems are highly sensitive to environmental change and direct human disturbance.
Spicule measurements of Biemna fistulosa (μm).
Appendix A. Mean density and biomass values in forest, forest buffer, and pasture reaches for all fish species captured in the study streams in southeastern Costa Rica and trophic classification for each species.
Metadata record for: A data set of sea surface stereo images to resolve space-time wave fields
Appendix A. Lake environmental characteristics and locations.
Body condition indices of Asian green mussels, Perna viridis, from Indonesia.
Additional file 7: of Characterization of an extensive rainbow trout miRNA transcriptome by next generation sequencing
Seawater carbonate chemistry and size of Gadus morhua during experiments (Experiment 2), 2012.
Additional file 10: Table S5. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Effect of body size heterogeneity on the aggressive behavior of larvae of matrinxã, Brycon amazonicus (Characiformes, Bryconidae)
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_005 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Appendix K. Null C and Z values under the biogeographical null.
Carbon isotopic data of atmospheric methane from EDML ice core.
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-23 (IceTh_ROVgrid_IceStation2_SeparateREFSystem).
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS55/010-2.
Sediment characteristics of Van Veen samples of MEDWAVES expedition (H2020 ATLAS project).
CarbonBridge 2014: Physical oceanography and microorganism composition during 5 cruises (Jan, March, May, August, Nov 2014) on and off the shelf northwest of Svalbard in 2014.
Stable carbon and oxygen isotopic compsoition of Globorotalia inflata of IODP Site 306-U1313.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Cladocora caespitosa as well as Balanophyllia europaea net calcification and linear growth during experiments, 2011.
Data from: Ice break-up controls dissipation of wind-waves across Southern Ocean sea ice. In Data from: Ice break-up controls dissipation of wind-waves across Southern Ocean sea ice
Color reflectance L from RGB of IODP Hole 354-U1452C.
Additional file 2 of Unveiling protist diversity associated with the Pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas using blocking and excluding primers
Management parameters tested.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_008 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Conductivity, temperature, depth (CTD) offshore of the Bykovsky Peninsula in July 2017.
Total sediment thickness grid of the Southern Pacific Ocean off West Antarctica, links to NetCDF files.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of Nucleotide diversity inflation as a genome-wide response to experimental lifespan extension in Drosophila melanogaster
Geochemical data for drilled powder samples from two fossil Porites corals from Integrated Ocean Drilling Program Expedition 310.
A seismic refraction and wide-angle reflection profile M111 - DY-05 during METEOR cruise M111 in the Ionian Sea, with links to SGY data files.
Age model and stable oxygen isotope mean values of ice core SZ99 from Akademii Nauk ice cap on Severnaya Zemlya.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_057 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 7 of Differential expression of miRNAs in the presence of B chromosome in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia latifasciata
(Table 3) SSST from polycystine radiolarians, and ages of sediment core MD95-2011.
Aboveground community and species-specific plant biomass from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2004).
(Table 1) Composition of volcanic glasses from the East Scotia Ridge.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and early development of the oyster Crassostrea gigas.
Simulated changes in the carbon cycle using the BICYCLE model due to volcanic outgassing of CO2.
Benthic microalgae in a seaweed system in spring 2015: results.
Appendix B. A map showing the Ecological Drainage Units (EDUs) of Missouri.
Accession data for analysed Xestospongia testudinaria metatranscriptomes.
Underway physical oceanography and carbon dioxide measurements during BELGICA cruise 11BE20060425.
Mg/Ca-derived temperature estimates for ODP Site 202-1236.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_596-1.
Depth profile of Fe solubility from GO-Flo station M68/3_272.
Reconstruction of the provenance and distribution of terrigenous sediments off NE South America over the last 30ka.
GFDL-based climate forcing data (1979-2095) in the region of Deadhorse (Alaska) for driving the CryoGrid landsurface model.
Data for: Petrogenesis of the shield volcanism from the Juan Fernández Ridge, SE Pacific: Melting of a low temperature pyroxenite-bearing mantle plume
(Table 3) Fractional abundance and indices of brGDGTs in distal marine surface sediments.
Appendix B. A table listing the grazers used in feeding assays, sites and dates at which they were collected, and texts used to identify them.
Seismic refraction and wide-angle data along Emperor Seamounts (Northwest Pacific) from profile P02 of RV Marcus G. Langseth cruise MGL1902.
Transect sulfur chemistry, SUP05 cell densities, denitrification and carbon fixation rates for the Peruvian oxygen minimum zone sampled in February-March 2013.
Abundance of planktonic Calanoida (Copepoda, Crustacea) from Bongo nets during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-III/3 (PS06).
MOESM6 of Distribution of new satellites and simple sequence repeats in annual and perennial Glycine species
Presence of Pennatulaceans sampled in bottom tows from year 2002 to 2013 of the EU NAFO groundfish surveyon boards R/V Vizconde de Eza.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2007_sel_a_f_02 from Marion Island.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Mytilus galloprovincialis linear growth and shell periostracum coverage during experiments, 2011.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_557-1.
Appendix B. Description of the field methods of the 40 studies used in the meta-analysis.
Statistical analysis of the PMIP2 Holocene model ensemble with links to NetCDF files.
MOESM1 of Genome-wide association and genomic prediction of resistance to viral nervous necrosis in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax) using RAD sequencing
First quantification of subtidal community structure at Tristan da Cunha Islands in the remote South Atlantic: from kelp forests to the deep sea
Spectrophotometric measurements of absorption coefficients and optical density by total particles, phytoplankton and non-algal particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
Effects of increasing seawater carbon dioxide concentrations on chain formation of the diatom Asterionellopsis glacialis.
(Table 17) Distribution of ostracode species in Core PS51/092-12.
(Table 2) Portuguese continental margin surface sediment bulk geochemistry.
Additional file 17: Table S2. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Data for:   The Sea of Marmara during Marine Isotope Stages 5 and 6
Additional file 2: of The transcriptome of metamorphosing flatfish
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_045 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Quality control and other metadata of Danish dataset.
(Fig. 6) Planktonic foraminifer stable isotope records of sediment core MD99-2339.
Sample masses and lithic fraction of IODP Site 306-U1313.
Absorption coefficient spectra (median) of all particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Microalgal photophysiology and macronutrient distribution in summer sea ice in the Amundsen and Ross Seas, Antarctica.
Raw data of POLAR 5 campaign PAMARCMIP 2018.
Supplementary Material for: Cloning and Characterization of Chromosomal Markers from a Cot-1 Library of Peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.)
MOESM3 of Spleen and head kidney differential gene expression patterns in trout infected with Lactococcus garvieae correlate with spleen granulomas
Surface temperature measurements near Ny-Ålesund, Svalbard, Norway in 2008 with links to data files.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_583-1.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Patagonian shelf (South America, South-West Atlantic) along profile PS40/110-6.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_006 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Appendix 6) Abundance of ice-rafted debris in sediment core MD95-2041.
Dyfamed observatory data
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_034 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Thalassionema nitzschioides during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Distribution of surficial sediments in the ocean around New Zealand/Aotearoa. Part A: continental slope and deep ocean
Sky irradiance over photosynthetically active radiation wavelengths (400-700 nm) recorded shipboard during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) during the Austral Summer of 2016/2017.
14. Last Interglacial benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes from sediment core GeoB1008-3.
Diatoms in sediment core AWI_80-1.
Additional file 5 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Additional file 1: of Thermal regime and host clade, rather than geography, drive Symbiodinium and bacterial assemblages in the scleractinian coral Pocillopora damicornis sensu lato
Sea ice draft and acoustic backscatter (240kHz) raw data derived from multibeam sonar during the ROV BEAST dive PS122/2_18-19.
Additional file 4 of Cytosine methylation of mature microRNAs inhibits their functions and is associated with poor prognosis in glioblastoma multiforme
Figure S1 from Population structure and connectivity of tiger sharks (Galeocerdo cuvier) across the Indo-Pacific Ocean basin.
Experiment on inter- and intra-specific phenotypic plasticity of three phytoplankton species in response to ocean acidification.
Stomach content of Sprattus sprattus during R/V Alexander von Humboldt cruise AvH44/02/11.
(Table S1) Earthquakes detected in RSAM and BPR record with date and time, magnitude and location with distance to sonar-site.
Geo-referenced photo-mosaics of the Menez Gwen Hydrothermal Vent (Mid-Atlantic Ridge).
(Table 2) Boundary conditions used for the calculation of relative contributions from available carbon sources to the total carbon pool at Chapopote.
Additional file 2: of Hologenome analysis of two marine sponges with different microbiomes
Additional file 6: Table S4. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Age, UK`37 and Sea Surface Temperatures of sediment core GeoB6008-1.
Dry weight of 5 and 15 days-post-hatch Atlantic cod larvae in response to predicted end-of-century ocean acidification.
Additional file 33 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Dataset (CryoSat-2 altimetry data over Brahmaputra River, river masks, model cross sections) used in Schneider et al., 2017. doi:10.5194/hess-2016-243
ft20_dive_Hochscheid
Data from: High degree of genetic differentiation in marine three-spined sticklebacks (Gasterosteus aculeatus)
Alkenone stable carbon isotopes, planktic foraminfera stable carbon isotopes, alkenone unsaturation indices and calculated sea surface temperatures and atmospheric pCO2 for ODP Site 165-999.
Data for: Fish muscle processing into seafood products drastically reduces fish allergenicity
Liver histology and hematological parameters of female Rhamdia quelen fed different lipid sources
Additional file 2 of Transcriptome and proteome analysis of Pinctada margaritifera calcifying mantle and shell: focus on biomineralization
The Monopterus genome
Nitrous oxide and biogeochemical variables related to Intermediate Waters into Eastern South Pacific Ocean.
[Biomarkers histological in Sciades herzbergii (Pisces, Ariidae) for impact assessment in estuarine environments of São Marcos Bay, Maranhão]
Dinoflagellate cyst counts of sediment core GIK23071-3.
Additional file 14 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
Currents vectors in the south of the La Hague Cape from The Alderney Race: general hydrodynamic and particular features
Integrated water vapor of HATPRO microwave radiometer at AWIPEV, Ny-Ålesund (2017).
R-code for “A global cline in a colour polymorphism suggests a limited contribution of gene flow towards the recovery of a heavily exploited marine mammal.”
Appendix E. Number of species in each combination of commercial category and ecological trait.
Compilation of Thunnus thynnus (bluefin tuna) catche in the Northeast Atlantic Ocean 1906–1949.
(Table 2) Raw 14C AMS data and calibrated ages of sediment cores GeoB16206-1 and GeoB16224-1.
Appendix F. A map of stream segments flowing through public land categorized by GAP management status.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110501Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_004 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Sand size fraction of IODP Hole 303-U1302A.
Radionuclide data (total 210Pb) measured on sediment multi cores during SONNE cruise SO242/1 at the DISCOL area, Peru Basin.
Biomineralization control related to population density under ocean acidification.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_015 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2002).
(Table 1) Radiocarbon age data of sediment core GeoB7165-1.
Phytoplankton composition derived from CHEMTAX along 10°E during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXVIII/3, Jan-March 2012.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and sperm physiology in Mytilus galloprovincialis.
Additional file 2: of Widespread introgression in deep-sea hydrothermal vent mussels
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2010).
Supplement 1. Data used for the statistical analyses.
Additional file 6 of Niche partitioning in the Rimicaris exoculata holobiont: the case of the first symbiotic Zetaproteobacteria
Meteorological observations at Bayelva Station in 2018 (level 1).
Additional file 3 of Integrative microRNAome analysis of skeletal muscle of Colossoma macropomum (tambaqui), Piaractus mesopotamicus (pacu), and the hybrid tambacu, based on next-generation sequencing data
19. Revised age model of sediment core MD95-2042 using the AICC2012 chronology: foraminiferal isotopes.
Carbonate sedimentology of the Propeller Mound, Northeast Atlantic.
Comparative cytogenetic analyses in Ancistrus species (Siluriformes: Loricariidae)
MOESM8 of Is geographical variation driving the transcriptomic responses to multiple stressors in the kelp Saccharina latissima?
Additional file 10 of Differential gene expression during the moult cycle of Antarctic krill (Euphausia superba)
Methane concentrations of MeBo sediment core GMMB02.
Appendix B. Life history parameters.
Ionic composition of particulate matter (PM10) from high-volume sampling over the Southern Ocean during the austral summer of 2016/2017 on board the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Hypoxia inducible factor-1α knockout does not impair acute thermal tolerance or heat hardening in zebrafish
Additional file 9 of Host habitat is the major determinant of the gut microbiome of fish
(Figure 3) Stable oxygen isotopes on planktic foraminifera of sediment core MD95-2011.
Data for: Similar predator aversion for natural prey with diverse toxicity levels
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_029.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and cuttlefish buoyancy.
Pollen and age analysis of terrestrial plant wax from ODP Hole 175-1085A.
Anaerobic oxidation methane rates during METEOR cruise M76/3b at the REGAB seep site in 2008.
Electrical resistivity tomography profiles collected in floating electrode mode from the lagoon's water surface, Profile D-D'.
Trophic structure of fish assemblages in the Eastern English Channel, the Bay of Biscay and the Gulf of Lions
Additional file 3 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172048.
Data for: Environmental risk of pesticides for fish in small- and medium-sized streams of Switzerland
(Appendix 3) Stable oxygen isotope ratios of benthic foraminifera in sediment core MD01-2415.
(Appendix 1d) Abundance and stable oxygen and carbon isotope ratios of Globigerinoides ruber from MIS 11 of ODP Hole 160-964A.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and survival of early stage larval blue crabs, Callinectes sapidus.
Physical oceanography from 86 XCTD stations during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc).
Towing and circulating tanks tidal energy converter test results
MBES bathymetry from Ormonde.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and heart rate of Caprellid amphipods.
Data for: Simulating the chemical kinetics of CO2-methane exchange in hydrate
Supplementary Material for: Comparative Organization and Gene Expression Profiles of the Porcine Pseudoautosomal Region
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes during experiments with the spider crab Hyas araneus in Kongsfjorden, Svalbard, 2009.
Clay layer frequency record from sediment core GeoB7625-2.
Additional file 12 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
Pore water chemistry, grain sizes and sediment temperature of sediment core COAST_C-2.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and the bacterial community present in larvae and spat of Crassostrea gigas.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20101126Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Porosity in sediment cores from the central Arctic Ocean during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 from August-September 2012.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_029 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2014.
(Fig. 4) Planktonic foraminifer stable isotope records of sediment core MD95-2041.
Upward looking videos recorded with an ROV under sea ice at station PS80/349-1.
(Table 1) Radiocarbon (14C) age data used to constrain the age-depth model for ODP Hole 175-1078C.
Isotope tracers (Delta δ¹³C) in Weddell Sea water during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XII/3.
Sediment properties of IODP Holes 303-U1302A and 303-U1305C.
Reykjanes Ridge Experiment (RREX) dataset
MOESM8 of Distribution of new satellites and simple sequence repeats in annual and perennial Glycine species
Appendix A. Conceptual model of O2 exposure of sedimentary organic particles as affected by Chironomus riparius larvae in the presence and absence of Rutilus rutilus.
Additional file 6: Figure S1. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/196-1.
GRANTSISM: An Excel™ ice sheet model for use in introductory Earth science courses
Dissolved domoic acid in the East Atlantic.
Temperature profile of HATPRO microwave radiometer at AWIPEV, Ny-Ålesund (2016).
Coarse grain counts in MIS8 of IODP Hole 303-U1308A.
Mediterranean Sea Analysis and Forecast (CMEMS MED-Currents 2013-2017)
MOESM2 of Is geographical variation driving the transcriptomic responses to multiple stressors in the kelp Saccharina latissima?
KOSMOS 2014 mesocosm study: Respiratory metabolism sediment traps.
Additional file 4: Table S4. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
(Exp. 8) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_036 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Appendix C. Study species and behavioral metrics.
Additional file 3: of Unravelling population genetic structure with mitochondrial DNA in a notional panmictic coastal crab species: sample size makes the difference
Gametogenic cycle of Mesodesma donacium in La Laguna beach, Chile, 1970.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_003 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Raw spectra measurements of scattered sunlight collected using a MAX-DOAS (Multi-Axis Differential Optical Absorption Spectroscopy) instrument in the austral summer of 2016/17 during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Data for: CRETACEOUS ULTRAPOTASSIC MAGMATISM FROM THE SAVA-VARDAR ZONE OF THE BALKANS
Coral Sr/Ca records from Bonaire Holocene corals.
CCDC 755505: Experimental Crystal Structure Determination
Single coral group conditions during a severe bleaching event in 2010 in the Andaman Sea.
Appendix A. Additional description of methods used in fish surveys, stable-isotope sampling, and stable-isotope mixing models.
Stable isotope records of G. sacculifer-quadrilobatus, Mg/Ca ratios, and Mg/Ca-SST estimates of ODP Hole 184-1146A.
REUSE OF COLLAGEN AND HYDROXYAPATITE FROM THE WASTE PROCESSING OF FISH TO PRODUCE POLYETHYLENE COMPOSITES
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR6_MTB_28.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_527-1.
Additional file 7: of Gene expression analysis at the onset of sex differentiation in turbot (Scophthalmus maximus)
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/169-1.
Raw data for chemical and physical parameters across all days and station locations.
(Fig. 6) Pollen and spore record of profile LAO6-95.
Gel particles accumulation in the sea-surface microlayer.
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P6_217_ICEBIRD_2019_1904020901, Version 1.
Ecological classification of Herschel Island based on supervised classification of multispectral satellite imagery.
Currents and topography drive assemblage distribution on an active hydrothermal edifice: associated data
(Supplementary table S2) Surveyed flares during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXIX/4.
Distribution of meiofauna abundance predicted in a potential deep-sea mining area in the Clarion Clipperton Fracture Zone (CCZ).
Additional file 8 of Dissecting the factors shaping fish skin microbiomes in a heterogeneous inland water system
Fe chemical speciation collected using trace metal rosette in the Southern Ocean during the austral summer of 2016/2017, on board the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
Metadata record for: High resolution spatiotemporal patterns of seawater temperatures across the Belize Mesoamerican Barrier Reef
[RAW VALIDATED DATA] Properties of seawater (partial pressure of carbon dioxide (pCO2)) from a ProOceanus CO2-Pro sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Basic information and summary statistics by sampling locality for the15 microsatellite loci.
Accumulation rates calculated from coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23071-2.
Results of a PERMANOVA testing differences in fish community structure between depth categories (0–750 m vs. >750 m depth) from the deep-sea drop-cam surveys at the Tristan da Cunha Islands.
Appendix A. Detailed tables of parameters used for simulations and tables and figures of estimations of specific posterior distributions issued from simulations and from data.
Data S1. Results of the analyses considering developmental time, supplementary figures and tables & Video S1.
Deuterium data from EPICA Dome C ice core EDC, 6.6-3140.5 metres.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core KNR166-2-26.
Particulate absorption during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXIV/1 (PS71).
Additional file 4: of Transcriptomic changes in relation to early-life events in the gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata)
Rare earth elements determined in ice core EDC by inductively coupled plasma time of flight mass spectrometry (ICP-TOF-MS).
(Table 1) Age determination and isotopic signature of last glacial Patagonian caly/silt.
Animation of juvenile and female southern elephant seal movements in relation to Antarctic sea ice cover.
(Table 1) Position and sedimentology of the studied sediment samples.
Additional file 4: of Double maternal-effect: duplicated nucleoplasmin 2 genes, npm2a and npm2b, with essential but distinct functions are shared by fish and tetrapods
Additional file 2 of Dietary preferences of brachyuran crabs from Taiwan for marine or terrestrial food sources: evidence based on fatty acid trophic markers
Additional file 4 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Data from: Asymmetric introgression between fishes in the Red River basin of Texas is associated with variation in water quality
Photographs of Potter Cove, King George Island, looking northeast towards glacier in 2015.
Water salinity and oxygen isotopes from cruise Maria S. Merian MSM50.
In situ footage of a spawning deep-sea golf ball sponge Craniella zetlandica.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110826Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Bioturbation determines the response of benthic ammonia-oxidizing microorganisms to ocean acidification.
(Table 1) Age determimnation of sediment core MD01-2403.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Weddell Sea (Antarctica) along profile PS14/260.
Additional file 5 of Integrative microRNAome analysis of skeletal muscle of Colossoma macropomum (tambaqui), Piaractus mesopotamicus (pacu), and the hybrid tambacu, based on next-generation sequencing data
(Table 1) Equivalent spherical diameter, volume-specific dry mass, fractal dimension, porosity, apparent diffusivity, sinking velocity, and Sherwood number in marine snow, phytoplankton-derived aggregates, and fecal pellets.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20101003Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Assemblage of living benthic foraminifera in sediment profile GeoB4913-4.
Additional file 5 of Notos - a galaxy tool to analyze CpN observed expected ratios for inferring DNA methylation types
Physical oceanography during Ángeles Alvariño cruise MedSeA2013.
(Table 3) Age determination of sediment core GeoB6729-1.
Diel oxygen production and uptake by Posidonia oceanica meadows at Elba, Italy.
Snow accumulation from the Ferrigno ice core (F10), Bryan Coast, West Antarctica
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_009 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Khatanga-0910 in the Laptev Sea.
Electrical resistivity tomography profiles collected in floating electrode mode from the lagoon's water surface, Profile F-F'.
(Table 1) Comparison between bulk ICP-OES measurements and LA-ICP-MS analyses for Mg/Ca and Sr/Ca ratios of Globigerinoides sacculifer from ODP Hole 165-1000A.
Appendix A. Location, design, and other characteristics of the European marine reserves included in the meta-analysis.
CCDC 1938691: Experimental Crystal Structure Determination
Seawater carbonate chemistry and productivity and species composition of a late summer phytoplankton community of the coastal Western Antarctic Peninsula.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2009_sel_a_f_05 from Marion Island.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_669-1.
Sea urchin response to rising pCO2 shows ocean acidification may fundamentally alter the chemistry of marine skeletons.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit PRM10 (profile C) from Petermann Range.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/074.
Bomb-tritium input function calculated from the details of the nuclear atmospheric bomb tests released by the UNSCEAR [2000].
supplementary_material-meiofauna sensitivity
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100523Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_039 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Atlantic 231Pa/230Th and biogenic opal compilation of the Holocene and the LGM.
Additional file 2: of Characterization of an extensive rainbow trout miRNA transcriptome by next generation sequencing
Phytoplankton-bacteria coupling under elevated CO2 levels: a stable isotope labelling study, 2010.
(Table 1) Age determination on various planktonic foraminifera from Ontong Java Plateau core top sediments.
Additional file 1: of Genetic diversity, connectivity and gene flow along the distribution of the emblematic Atlanto-Mediterranean sponge Petrosia ficiformis (Haplosclerida, Demospongiae)
Sulphate reduction rates of arctic deep sea sediments measured at station MSM16/2_809-1 (Sample 16, Reference).
A Visible–Near‐Infrared Light‐Responsive Host–Guest Pair with Nanomolar Affinity in Water
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during ALKOR cruise AL220/2.
Additional file 8: of Transcriptomic response to parasite infection in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) depends on rearing density
Warming and ocean acidification effects on phytoplankton?from species shifts to size shifts within species in a mesocosm experiment.
Discription of coastal shape at Bykovsky Peninsula.
Ocean bottom seismometer and ocean bottom hydrophone sgy-files of seismic refraction and wide angle data from profile P50 from SONNE cruise SO173/1 with links to data files.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and eggs, larvae and hatching success of Gadus morhua during experiments (Experiment 2), 2012.
Continuous radiation measurements during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXV/1.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit DallSW1830 (profile C) from Dallmann Berge.
(Supplementary Table 1) Concentrations of 14C, radiocarbon and calibrated ages obtained on planktonic foraminifera from core SO130-289KL from the northeastern Arabian Sea.
Pore water geochemistry of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station PS74/168-1 (Sample 2, new flow surface).
SMAP L1B Brightness Temperatures Arctic
Thermoluminescence and optically stimulated luminescence sensitivity, and IRSL/OSL measurements for core GeoB16206-1, collected off Parnaíba River mouth, northeastern Brazil.
Supplementary Material for: Molecular Epidemiology of ALK Rearrangements in Advanced Lung Adenocarcinoma in Latin America
Data S2 from Sun basking fish benefit from body temperatures that are higher than ambient water
Additional file 2: of Comparative analysis of amplicon and metagenomic sequencing methods reveals key features in the evolution of animal metaorganisms
Bulk carbonate stable oxygen isotope ratios of IODP Hole 303-U1302A.
MOESM1 of Is geographical variation driving the transcriptomic responses to multiple stressors in the kelp Saccharina latissima?
Data for: Doom and gloom versus optimism: an assessment of ocean-related science journalism (2001-2015)
Carbon uptake rate calculated for melt pond water samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in 2012.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and fish communities properties off CO2 seeps in Japan.
Experiment: Food availability outweighs ocean acidification effects in juvenile Mytilus edulis.
Supplementary Material for: High-Resolution Physical Chromosome Mapping of Multigene Families in Lagria villosa (Tenebrionidae): Occurrence of Interspersed Ribosomal Genes in Coleoptera
(Figure 5) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-9-B, 1957 AD.
Global distributions of diazotrophs abundance, biomass and nitrogen fixation rates - Gridded data product (NetCDF) - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/001 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23424-3.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and photosynthetic pigments and photophysiology of polar microalga Chlorella sp.
Influence of temperature and CO2 on the strontium and magnesium composition of coccolithophore calcite.
Appendix B. Summary statistics based on IGP type and ecosystem.
(Table 16) Distribution of ostracode species in Core PS51/080-13.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA14.
Additional file 1 of Phreatic eruptions at crater lakes: occurrence statistics and probabilistic hazard forecast
Additional file 9 of Chromosome behavior during meiosis in pollen mother cells from Saccharum officinarum × Erianthus arundinaceus F1 hybrids
Data from: Warming impacts on early life stages increase the vulnerability and delay the population recovery of a long-lived habitat-forming macroalga
Operational taxonomic unit table of Pacific oysters stemming from three oyster bed in the Northern Wadden Sea, part 1, OTU 1-3999.
Physical oceanography during KAPITAN DRANITSYN cruise Transdrift-III to the Laptev Sea, Arctic Ocean.
Additional file 5 of Host habitat is the major determinant of the gut microbiome of fish
Colimitation of the unicellular photosynthetic diazotroph Crocosphaera watsonii by phosphorus, light, and carbon dioxide.
EPOCA Svalbard 2010 mesocosm experiment: Fatty acid composition.
Data Paper. Data Paper
Biomarker abundance in MIS 16 of IODP Site 306-U1313.
Sedimentology of core GeoTu_SL110 from the eastern Mediterranean Sea.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS55/010-1.
Description of data from Developmental plasticity of the stress response in female but not in male guppies.
Raw data of SCADCP (self-contained Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) from mooring AWI229-7.
Relative abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23411-5.
Abundance of coccosphere-units of site GIK23259.
Data from: High degree of cryptic population differentiation in the Baltic Sea herring Clupea harengus
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110826Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Data for: Rapid root assimilation of added phosphorus in a lowland tropical rainforest of French Guiana
Additional file 8: of A-to-I editing of Malacoherpesviridae RNAs supports the antiviral role of ADAR1 in mollusks
Additional file 3 of Towards enhancing coral heat tolerance: a “microbiome transplantation” treatment using inoculations of homogenized coral tissues
Network analysis script from Great cormorants reveal overlooked secondary dispersal of plants and invertebrates by piscivorous waterbirds.
Ostracod valve counts at IODP Site 347-M0059 (Baltic Sea), upper 52.3 meters composite depth.
Additional file 7: Figure S2. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
(Table 4) Factor analysis of benthic foraminiferal assemblages in surface sediments.
Supplementary Material for: Extraordinary Diversity in the Origins of Sex Chromosomes in Anurans Inferred from Comparative Gene Mapping
Additional file 2 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
In-situ photographs of common Antarctic glass sponges (Porifera: Hexactinellida: Rossellidae) along 7 ROV profiles during POLARSTERN cruise PS77 (ANT-XXVII/3, CAMBIO) in the Weddell Sea.
Quantification of shoreline movements along the Yukon Territory mainland coast between 1951 and 2011.
Appendix B. A table of summary statistics for the top predictor variables for agricultural ponds in Houston and Winona Counties, Minnesota, 2000.
M111 raw data of EM122 multibeam echosounder (bathymetry, beam time series).
Methane measurements during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2.
(Table 2) Fractional abundance and concentration of CL brGDGTs and crenarchaeol in suspended particulate matter.
Figure S2 from Population structure and connectivity of tiger sharks (Galeocerdo cuvier) across the Indo-Pacific Ocean basin.
Data from: Rapid light-induced shifts in opsin expression: finding new opsins, discerning mechanisms of change, and implications for visual sensitivity
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2012.
Physical oceanography from mooring KPO_1095.
PeECE II - Pelagic Ecosystem CO2 Enrichment Study, Raunefjord, Bergen, Norway.
Mapped polygon pattern geomorphometry from HRSC-AX, 2009, Adventdalen, Svalbard.
Comparison of spicule measurements (μm) in specimens of I. baculifera and I. protea.
Appendix A. Detailed description of archipelago-wide census methods and count error and southern sea lion (Otaria flavescens) breeding colonies at the Falkland Islands.
(Table 15) Distribution of ostracode species in Core PS51/135-4.
(Table S1) Age determination of sediment core MD02-2550C2.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and coral calcification rates.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_027 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core C42 from Central Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Reproductive success of oceanic sticklebackang.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/027-1.
Climate model results of Fram Strait and Greenland-Scotland Ridge gateway sensitivity studies of COSMOS in NetCDF format.
Appendix C. Description of the coral transplanting methods.
Sedimentation rate in the Thai Andaman Sea corals reef from 2009-11 to 2010-12.
Additional file 11 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Raw data of SCADCP (self-contained Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) from mooring AWI231-7.
Simulation results: CryoGrid 3 multi-scale tiling scheme - Polygon
HISTORICAL RECONSTRUCTION OF FISHERY CATCHES FOR THE LAKE GARDA
Age control of sediment core GIK16458-2.
Seawater carbon chemistry and growth rate, mortality, fitness of cold-water coral Lophelia pertusa.
Additional file 8: of Satellite DNA in Paphiopedilum subgenus Parvisepalum as revealed by high-throughput sequencing and fluorescent in situ hybridization
(Table 2) Size and respiration rate of pellets produced on different food sources.
(Table 1) Gas tie points used to correlate NorthGRIP and Vostol records.
Hydrochemistry measured on water bottle samples during KAPITAN DRANITSYN cruise Transdrift-III to the Laptev Sea, Arctic Ocean.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR4_MTB_20.
Additional file 10: of Rab32 and Rab38 genes in chordate pigmentation: an evolutionary perspective
Biogeographic regions and oceanographic features of the Mediterranean Sea.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and total wet weight, metabolically active tissue, ingestion rate and oocyte diameter of Adult Mussels Mytilus chilensis.
Extracted frames from main ROV camera videos during MOSAiC Leg 2.
Authigenic Pb and Nd isotope composition snapshot of surface sediments in the Atlantic sector of the Southern Ocean.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR6_MTB_31.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of Evidence-based green algal genomics reveals marine diversity and ancestral characteristics of land plants
Additional file 5 of Comparative genomic and transcriptomic analyses of transposable elements in polychaetous annelids highlight LTR retrotransposon diversity and evolution
Additional file 2 of Dissecting the factors shaping fish skin microbiomes in a heterogeneous inland water system
Data from: Broad-scale patterns of the Afro-Palearctic landbird migration
Composite 1000-year record of δ¹⁸O and accumulation rates of ice cores from Dronning Maud Land.
Stareso MedSeA mesocosm experiment 2012: perturbation studies.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2007_sel_a_f_04 from Marion Island.
Appendix C. ANOVA testing the effect of seascape, site, plot, and treatment on survival of 5–15 mm experimental mussels at four sites in the large-scale experiment.
Number of Mediterranean species of macrophytes and metazoans, global number of marine species, and percentage of Mediterranean species with respect to their global counterparts.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_045 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
EPICA Dome C chemical concentrations and fluxes.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091019Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
High-resolution current meter and hydrographic data from the Irminger Current mooring array 2015-2016
Radiolarian abundance of sediment core Y8.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/008-3.
Results of manipulation experiments during MR15 and MR16 cruises.
Figure 2: IP25 measurements and accumulation rates of sediment core PS2837-5.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_040 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Appendix B. Details on the methodology of determination of penguin location and foraging ranges at sea.
Radiance fields of clouds and the Arctic surface measured by a digital camera during ACLOUD 2017.
(Table 1) Age determination of Barents Sea sediment cores.
(Table 6) Distribution of ostracode species in surface sediments of the western Laptev Sea.
Additional file 5: of The crowns have eyes: multiple opsins found in the eyes of the crown-of-thorns starfish Acanthaster planci
Permittivity measured with the dielectric profiling (DEP) technique on the NEEM ice core (down to 1493.295 m depth).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and photosynthetic potential, cell density, lipid content of Symbiodinium.
Chlorofluorocarbons, helium, and neon measured on water bottle samples during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXII/2 (ISPOL).
Ibiza Channel - Interpolated HF Radar Currents October 2014
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_012 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Ocean acidification challenges copepod phenotypic plasticity.
Additional file 9: Table S7. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Coastal plankton communities under elevated CO2: community barcoding results, link to data files in FASTA format.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20091122Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Biomarker concentration and composition of IODP Holes 303-U1302A and 303-U1305C.
Appendix D. A table presenting the model selection for the contribution of ecological and evolutionary processes.
δ¹⁸Osw benthic-corrected on planktonic foraminifera of sediment core MD01-2378.
Hydrographical time series data of the littoral zone of Kongsfjorden, Svalbard 2018.
Swath Bathymetry compilation offshore Brunt Ice Shelf.
Nitrogen Fuelling of the Pelagic Food Web of the Tropical Atlantic
Physical oceanography (CTD) during METEOR cruise M138.
Supplement 1. Limnological and chemical data for surface water and bottom water from seven stations at Clear Lake over 22 potential sampling dates from May 1994 through May 1997.
Bromine monoxide (BrO) measurements made using a MAX-DOAS (Multi-AXis Differential Optical Absorption Spectroscopy) instrument in the austral summer of 2016/17 during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Key impacts of climate engineering on biodiversity and ecosystems, with priorities for future research
(Table 2) Age determination of sediment core GeoB6719-1.
Benthic and planktic foraminiferal records of sediment core PS93/025.
sj-xlsx-1-hol-10.1177_0959683620981724 – Supplemental material for Paleoceanographic evolution of the Gulf of Tehuantepec (Mexican Pacific) during the last ~6 millennia
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core GeoB22015-1, Drygalski Trough.
(Table 2) General characteristics of pressure cores taken during ARK-XXII/1b at the Hakon Mosby Mud Volcano.
Age-depth model and X-ray fluorescence (XRF) Ca intensity of the composite profile MD04-2788/2760.
Total oxygen uptake rates measured during POLARSTERN cruise PS94 (TransArcII) to the Barents Sea and central Arctic.
Dissolved organic matter molecular composition and concentrations from a large scale mesocosm study (KOSMOS 2013 Kristineberg) on ocean acidification: DOC.
Additional file 1 of Clinical, cytogenetic, and molecular findings in a patient with ring chromosome 4: case report and literature review
Aboveground community and species-specific plant biomass from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2008).
Physical oceanography (CTD) during METEOR cruise M145.
Sulphate reduction and methane oxidation rates of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station MSM16/2_855-1 (Sample 6, aged flow surface).
Documentation of sediment core PS1392-1.
Areal daily primary production during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Appendix A. Instrument deployment details for albatrosses tracked from Bird Island, South Georgia during the 2001–2004 breeding seasons.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and food web composition, productivity, and trophic architecture.
Algal lipid biomarkers of sediment cores from IODP Hole 370-C0023A.
A geomorphological seabed classification for the Weddell Sea, Antarctica, with links to ArcGIS project files.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Gadus morhua otholith diameter, radius, area and circumference during experiments (Experiment 5), 2012.
Ex situ sulphate reduction rates of sediment at the rim of a vesicomyd clam colony in the Japan Deep Sea Trench (dive 955).
Gene expression profiling in gills of the great spider crab Hyas araneus in respond to ocean acidification and warming, supplementary data.
Sea surface temperature of sediment core GeoB3606-1.
Raw multibeam EM122 data: transits of Maria S. Merian cruise MSM60/1 (South Atlantic).
Supplementary Material for: Distribution of the T2-MITE Family Transposons in the Xenopus (Silurana) tropicalis Genome
(Table 1) Age-Depth control points and sedimentation rates of IODP Exp302 sediments.
Morphological and geological features of Drake Passage, Antarctica, from a new digital bathymetric model
KOSMOS 2017 Peru mesocosm study: overview data.
Additional file 1 of The methylome of Biomphalaria glabrata and other mollusks: enduring modification of epigenetic landscape and phenotypic traits by a new DNA methylation inhibitor
Records of the deep-sea amphipod genus Eurythenes in the World's Oceans with mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequence information.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and accumulation of radiotracers in whole egg strand of squid, Loligo vulgaris during 26 days of exposure, 2011.
Wet bulk density of IODP Hole 354-U1452C.
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_106.
Long-term time-series of mesozooplankton biomass in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2001-2004.
Coarse grain counts in MIS6 of IODP Site 303-U1308.
Additional file 1 of Cytogenetic and genomic analysis of a patient with turner syndrome and t(2;12): a case report
Appendix C. Overview of the 101 selected Ecopath models.
Additional file 1: of Chromosome painting and its applications in cultivated and wild rice
(Table 2) Seawater chemical properties and nitrate nitrogen isotopic composition.
Mid-Jurassic age for the Botany Bay Group: implications for Weddell Sea Basin creation and southern hemisphere biostratigraphy
Simulated leakage of high pCO2 water negatively impacts bivalve dominated infaunal communities from the Western Baltic Sea.
Conductivity, temperature and depth (CTD), snow and ice thickess and apparent resisitivity on the Bykovsky Peninsula, Lena Delta, in April and July 2017.
(Supplementary Table 2) Estimates of bottom-water oxygenation at site GeoB11185-1.
Sediment data from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-2008-A.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20111230Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
WOCE-Argo Global Hydrographic Climatology (WAGHC Version 1.0)
Sedimentation rate of sediment core PS1246-2.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and the valve gaping response of adult eastern oysters, Crassostrea virginica.
Pore water chemistry, grain sizes and sediment temperature of sediment core COAST_C-3.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and estuarine dissolved organic carbon export.
Metadata record for: Satellite-based time-series of sea-surface temperature since 1981 for climate applications
Physical oceanography during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-IX/2 on section SR04.
Supplement 1. Total mercury and methylmercury concentrations for 16 species of fishes from Clear Lake, California, USA, during the years 1976–2004.
Additional file 1: of Gene expression analysis at the onset of sex differentiation in turbot (Scophthalmus maximus)
Element data of potassium (K), calcium (Ca), titanium (Ti) and iron (Fe) of IMAGES core MD02-2576.
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods.
Comparison of the tylostyles and of other morphological characteristics among S. diversicolor, S. aurantiacus and its synonimies.
Profiles_Turbulence_metrics_numerical_values from Characterization of the vertical evolution of the three-dimensional turbulence for fatigue design of tidal turbines
Zooplankton abundance for two shelf stations off Galicia (NW Spain) from 1994 to 2006.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/070-1.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172051.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20090913Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table 1) Age estimates of lithostratigraphic units of Hole 302-M0002A.
Number and biovolume of particles, as well as aggregate, phytoplankton and zooplankton biovolume measured with an underwater vision profiler 5 (UVP5) during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM23.
Fig. 2. Lithology, water and total carbon content, cumulative grain-size distribution, and quartz, feldspar, and mica contents of core sequence Lz1013 from south-western Beaver Lake.
(Fig. 4) Grain size analysis of sediment core GeoB6718-2.
Stomach content of Sprattus sprattus during ALKOR cruise AL200/1.
Global distributions of picophytoplankton abundance and biomass - Gridded data product (NetCDF) - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and learning capabilities of squid species (Sepioteuthis lessoniana).
Dataset: Influence of age, sex and breeding status on mercury accumulation patterns in the wandering albatross Diomedea exulans
(Table 1) Stable oxygen isotope ratios of planktonic foraminifera in Carribean core top samples and calculated habitat depth.
Melt climatology estimates for small to giant Antarctic icebergs, links to NetCDF files.
Dissolved iron measured on board with Flow injection analysis and iron-binding dissolved organic ligands from Ultra Clean CTD collected depth profiles during GEOTRACES PS94 Arctic cruise on Polarstern.
Nitrous Oxide Concentrations from Discrete Samples during MSM18/2.
Particle fluxes of thirteen sediment traps off Cape Blanc, Mauritania.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Weddell Sea (Antarctica) along profile PS14/294.
Additional file 1:Â  of A DNA vaccine encoding the viral hemorrhagic septicemia virus genotype IVb glycoprotein confers protection in muskellunge (Esox masquinongy), rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss), brown trout (Salmo trutta), and lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush)
Physical oceanography from glider mission ifm06_depl02 (old version).
Additional file 1: Table S1. of A new SNP-based vision of the genetics of sex determination in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax)
Supplementary Material for: CRISPR/Cas9-Based RGEN-ISL Allows the Simultaneous and Specific Visualization of Proteins, DNA Repeats, and Sites of DNA Replication
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Pseudonitzschia turgidula during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Diffusive oxygen uptake rates measured during POLARSTERN cruise PS94 (TransArcII) to the Barents Sea and central Arctic.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172043.
File 4: CyCOG taxa
Space use of bumblebees (data from Hagen et al. 2011)-reference-data
Trace metal data from water samples during SONNE cruise SO243.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_021 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 1 of Differential gene expression during the moult cycle of Antarctic krill (Euphausia superba)
Erosion rates of the Sobo-Sise yedoma permafrost cliff in the Lena River Delta derived from remote sensing imagery, with a link to shape files.
Elasmobranch bycatch in the Italian Adriatic pelagic trawl fishery
Stable carbon isotopes of total organic carbon of sediment cores from IODP Hole 370-C0023A.
Additional file 9: of Multilevel comparative bioinformatics to investigate evolutionary relationships and specificities in gene annotations: an example for tomato and grapevine
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_612-1.
Coccolith flux of sediment trap OG4.
(Supplementary Table 1) Proportions of methane (C1) to ethane (C2) and the stable isotope composition of methane (δ¹³CCH4) of gas and oil collected by gas bubble sampler during METEOR cruise M114/2 in the southern Gulf of Mexico.
Coral oxygen isotope and Sr/Ca data from the Northern Gulf of Aqaba (modern), sample EILAT-1.
The distribution of 45S rDNA sites in bird chromosomes suggests multiple evolutionary histories
(Table 2) Live (stained) benthic foraminifera from stations in the northern Gulf of California.
Stable isotope record of planktonic foraminifera from the late MIS 6 to early MIS 5d section of ODP Site 161-975.
Morphology, histology and histochemistry of the digestive tract of the Banded tilapia, Tilapia sparrmanii (Perciformes: Cichlidae)
[RAW VALIDATED DATA] Properties of seawater and particulate matter from a FRRF instrument, operating in a flow-through mode on the continuous surface water sampling system during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Phenotypical responses of Fucus vesiculosus germlings to warming, acidification, nutrient enrichment and local upwelling under natural fluctuations (July - September 2014) - Survival during local upwelling.
Physical oceanography and current meter data from mooring F3-15.
Carbon and nitrogen contents of Temora longicornis under different nutrient regimes.
Additional file 7 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
A global bio-optical database derived from Biogeochemical Argo float measurements within the layer of interest for field and remote ocean color applications
Holocene SST reconstructions from the southern Bay of Biscay.
Environmental and chemical measurements, and coral calcification rates in Bermuda from 2010 to 2012.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172025.
Biodiversity context of selected samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
Additional file 4: of Polygenic sex determination in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia burtoni
Seawater carbonate chemistry and acid-base physiology over tidal periods in the mussel Mytilus edulis.
Registry of selected samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
Additional file 2: Table S2. of Comparative genome analysis of 52 fish species suggests differential associations of repetitive elements with their living aquatic environments
One hundred years later, resurrection of Tydemania gardineri A. Gepp & E. Gepp (Udoteaceae, Chlorophyta) based on molecular and morphological data
Collection data of the new species Tedania (Tedaniopsis) rappi (Demospongiae, Poecilosclerida, Tedaniidae).
Additional file 18: of The transcriptome of metamorphosing flatfish
(Fig. 3) Pollen and spore record of profile CS98-10 at Cape Shpindler, Yugorski Peninsula, northwest Russia.
FL_Estuaries.zip and FL_Optics_data
Paleomagnetic measurements on sediment core PS2138-1, eastern Arctic Ocean.
Supplementary Material for: A Rare Case of Testicular Disorder of Sex Development in a Dog (78,XX; SRY-Negative) with Male External Genitalia and Detection of Copy Number Variation in the Region Upstream of the SOX9 Gene
Indoor mesocosm experiment 2013 on effects of increased CO2 concentration on nutrient limited coastal summer plankton: Phytoplankton biomass.
Appendix A. Sensitivity analysis of maturation reaction norms to a range of somatic growth rates scenarios.
Rising CO2 and increased light exposure synergistically reduce marine primary productivity.
Additional file 9 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
Temperatures at the sediment surface of the Håkon Mosby mud volcano measured continuously with a thermistor string (LOOME).
Temperature modulates coccolithophorid sensitivity of growth, photosynthesis and calcification to increasing seawater pCO2.
Underway measurements of dissolved gases along POLARSTERN cruise track ANT-XXVII/2.
Foliage projective cover of 57 vegetation sites of central Chukotka from 2016.
Peruvian Margin living benthic foraminiferal distributions in percentage.
(Fig. 3) Delta deuterium of ice core EDC.
Differential response of two Mediterranean cold-water coral species to ocean acidification.
Methane concentration and delta deuterium of methane from the NGRIP ice core.
Diatom assebmlages from sediment core Co1305.
Paleocoenographic investigations on sediment profile GeoB6008.
Genomic data of marine flowering plant Zostera marina.
MOESM5 of Comparative genomics reveals a widespread distribution of an exopolysaccharide biosynthesis gene cluster among Vibrionaceae
Data on fish activity from Anemone bleaching increases the metabolic demands of symbiont anemonefish
Mesozooplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2001-2004.
Conservation Planning for Coral Reefs Accounting for Climate Warming Disturbances
Data from: Evidence for genetic differentiation in timing of maturation among nine-spined stickleback populations
Additional file 7: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Decoupled carbonate chemistry controls on the incorporation of boron into Orbulina universa.
Leaf Area Index (LAI) trends from 2000 to 2011, Central Yakutia, Siberia.
Distribution of lagoons along the Arctic coast from the Taimyr Peninsula in Russia to the Tuktoyaktuk Peninsula in Canada.
Results of a PERMANOVA testing differences in pelagic community structure among islands from the mid-water BRUVS surveys at the Tristan da Cunha Islands.
(Table S1) Age determination of sediment core RAPiD-21-03K.
Greenland Ice Core Chronology 2005 (GICC05) and 20 year means of oxygen isotope data from ice core GRIP.
Accumulation rates calculated from coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23400-3.
Responses to iron oxide and zinc oxide nanoparticles in echinoderm embryos and microalgae: uptake, growth, morphology, and transcriptomic analysis
Body size and age of specimen of the Antarctic clam Laternula elliptica collected in Potter Cove (KGI).
Staphylococcus aureus cell wall structure and dynamics during host-pathogen interaction
Additional file 9 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Additional file 14: Table S9. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Bulk geochemical and Rock-Eval data of sediment core IKU-7430/10-U-01 (Table 1).
Intracellular pH measurements in the Pacific oyster (Crassostrea gigas).
Body length and dry mass of Euphausia superba, larvae, calyptopis II.
Water temperature data from southern elephant seal from Marion Island with links to datasets.
Additional file 3 of Chromosome behavior during meiosis in pollen mother cells from Saccharum officinarum × Erianthus arundinaceus F1 hybrids
Zooplankton abundance measured on Apstein net samples during cruise CISKA2005.
[Toxic effects of sediments of the Capibaribe estuary on zebrafish embryos (Danio rerio)]
(Table 1) AMS 14C and calendar ages obtained frompPlanktic foraminifera shells in sediment cores GeoB10042-11 and GeoB10043-3.
Stable carbon isotope ratios of atmospheric CO2 of ice cores Dome C and Talos Dome.
A multidisciplinary approach for investigating dietary and medicinal habits of the Medieval population of Santa Severa (7th-15th centuries, Rome, Italy)
Abundance of dinoflagellates and ciliates at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2008.
MOESM1 of Disruption of gut integrity and permeability contributes to enteritis in a fish-parasite model: a story told from serum metabolomics
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0110-1.
High-resolution atmospheric CO2 record derived from the EPICA Dome C ice core covering MIS 9e - 12a.
Impacts of random surface waves on the estimates of wind energy input to the Ekman layer in the Antarctic Circumpolar Current, link to netCDF files.
Data S5 from Sun basking fish benefit from body temperatures that are higher than ambient water
Data from: Supportive breeding boosts natural population abundance with minimal negative impacts on fitness of a wild population of Chinook salmon
Supplementary Material for: Karyotype Reorganization with Conserved Genomic Compartmentalization in Dot-Shaped Microchromosomes in the Japanese Mountain Hawk-Eagle (Nisaetus nipalensis orientalis, Accipitridae)
Appendix A. Summary of changes in drivers on Georges Bank.
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for ciliates during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Amino acid data set supporting the manuscript: \"Stable nitrogen isotope analysis of amino acids as a new tool to clarify complex parasite-host interactions within marine food webs\"
Black Sea cold intermediate layer cold content from in-situ and modelling sources (1955-2017)
Modelled global ocean temperature from 6 ka to present with links to NetCDF files.
Hydrographical time series data of the littoral zone of Kongsfjorden, Svalbard 2016.
Sediment, ground ice and micropaleontological data from the pingo exposure 'Shirokovsky Kholm' (Kolyma Lowland, NE Siberia) sampled in 2012.
delta 13C, delta 15N and delta 34S of temperate eelgrass food web in the western Baltic Sea.
A-MC-ICP-MS boron isotope data for pH reconstruction using Clathromorphum nereostratum (Figure 3).
Response of benthic foraminifera to ocean acidification in their natural sediment environment: a long-term culturing experiment.
Additional file 8 of Differential expression of miRNAs in the presence of B chromosome in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia latifasciata
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO239_166-1_AUV15 (Abyss_181) during SONNE cruise SO239.
Methane concentration and oxidation in the Lena Delta, September 2013.
Simulated changes in ocean physics and carbon cycle for LGM experiments with shifting positions of the Southern Hemisphere westerly winds using the MITgcm, links to model results in NetCDF format.
(Table 1) Age model of sediment core MD95-2042 on the Iberian margin, North Atlantic.
Simulation of leatherback turtle hatchling dispersion patterns in the Gulf of Guinea.
(Exp. 11) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Leaf-waxes hydrogen isotopic composition of sediment core GeoB4905-4.
230Th dating results of speleothem records from two caves, central-eastern and northeastern Brazil.
Supplementary material 2 from: Steinberg E, Nieves M, Mudry M (2014) Multiple sex chromosome systems in howler monkeys (Platyrrhini, Alouatta). Comparative Cytogenetics 8(1): 43-69. https://doi.org/10.3897/compcytogen.v8i1.6716
Denitrification rates and nitrate storage of benthic foraminifera of M77/1_473-1.
Cannibalism, growth performance, and body composition of giant trahira juveniles under different photoperiods
Impact of a local, coastal community based management regime when defining marine protected areas: Empirical results from a study in Okinawa, Japan
Appendix D. Density of the sea urchin Paracentrotus lividus in the experimental treatments over time.
Model results of Greenland ice sheet effect on Atlantic meridional overturning circulation for Representative Concentration Pathways scenarios RCP4.5 and RCP8.5 with AWI-ESM climate model.
Holocene hydrological variability of Lake Ladoga, northwest Russia, as inferred from diatom oxygen isotopes.
Epibenthic foraminiferal δ¹³C in the Recent deep Arctic Ocean.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2013_sel_a_f_09 from Marion Island.
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during ALKOR cruise AL205.
Additional file 22 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20101231Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 4: of Seasonal and algal diet-driven patterns of the digestive microbiota of the European abalone Haliotis tuberculata, a generalist marine herbivore
Data from: Parallel genetic divergence among coastal-marine ecotype pairs of European anchovy explained by differential introgression after secondary contact
Lipids from free-floating sediment trap ANTARES-II_A01.
floodX Datasets
Appendix A. Predator efficiency of prey capture.
Regeneration of Mnemiopsis leidyi under different food quantities.
Data S3 from Sun basking fish benefit from body temperatures that are higher than ambient water
Additional file 2: of Transcriptomic changes in relation to early-life events in the gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata)
Seawater chromium concentrations and isotope compositions in the Southern Ocean during the austral summer of 2016/2017, on board the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Core correlation of IODP Site 306-U1313.
Over-determined charbonate chemstry dataset from different kinds of manipulation (TA, DIC) and water types (natural and artificial seawater).
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments: Percolation.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO242/1_33-1_AUV4 (Abyss_190) during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_009 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table 9) Distribution of ostracode species in surface sediments of the southern Laptev Sea.
Simulation results: CryoGrid 3 multi-scale tiling scheme - Low-gradient polygon slope
Mesozooplankton abundance in water of the Aegean Sea at Station SEPT-1998-IR72wp2.
Environmental DNA analysis of cephalopods off the Azores.
(Figure 3) Titanium/Calcium ratios of sediment core GeoB3910-2 from the northeastern Brazil continental slope.
In-situ images of glass sponges (Porifera: Hexactinellida: Rossellidae) extracted from ROV videos recorded during POLARSTERN cruise PS96 (ANT-XXXI/2, FROSN) in the Weddell Sea.
Appendix B. Size and 137Cs concentration in fish, and 137Cs concentration in the food of fish from Lake Memphremagog and the Ottawa River.
Dataset on laboratory pilot-scale simulations: CH4-CO2 exchange in gas hydrate-bearing sediments within GFZ´s Large Reservoir Simulator (LARS)
CO2-induced fertilization impairment in Strongylocentrotus droebachiensis collected in the Arctic.
Bacteria settlement in presence vs. absence of seaweed extract.
Caminella (Porifiera, Demospongiae, Geodiidae) from the NE Atlantic.
Roosevelt Island Climate Evolution (RICE) ice core isotope record.
Presence and absence records of sea star species (class: Asteroidea) from trawl, grab and trap samples in the Weddell Sea and western Antarctic Peninsula region during POLARSTERN cruises ANT-I/2, ANT-II/4, ANT-V/3, ANT-VI/3, ANT-XV/3 and ANT-XVII/3.
Raw EK60 echosounder data (38 and 120 kHz) collected during the Malaspina 2010 Spanish Circumnavigation Expedition (14th December 2010, Cádiz - 14th July 2011, Cartagena).
Lithistids from the Seamounts of the Northeast Atlantic Ocean.
Marine apparent resistivity data offshore of the Bykovsky Peninsula in July 2017.
Monte Carlo average of stable carbon isotope ratio of atmospheric CO2 from three Antarctic ice cores.
07. Benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes from sediment core GeoB7010-2.
Fe concentration and fluxes from the NEEM ice core (Greenland).
Early succession in benthic hard bottom communities in Kongsfjorden, Svalbard - biomass.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit PRM10 (profile A) from Petermann Range.
Additional file 4: of A Go-type opsin mediates the shadow reflex in the annelid Platynereis dumerilii
DNA barcoding and faunistic criteria for a revised taxonomy of Italian Ephemeroptera
TOFF Data Release
(Exp. 5) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_046 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table 1) Iceberg characteristics and start and end date and location of iceberg buoys in the Weddell Sea.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110203Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and olfactory sensitivity of Gilthead Seabream.
Chromosome analysis in Saccodon wagneri (Characiformes) and insights into the karyotype evolution of Parodontidae
Biogeographic distribution of different extant coccolithophore taxa in the Pacific sector of the Southern Ocean.
Age determination of section LAB2-94 (Table 3).
Ocean acidification impairs crab foraging behaviour.
Radium isotopes and 228Th in surface water samples collected on POLARSTERN expedition PS94.
Appendix A. A table of taxa found in experimental communities.
2D multi-channel seismic data from SONNE cruise SO252 offshore Ritter Island, 2016, Bismarck Sea, Papua New Guinea.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and acid–base balance in the hæmolymph of European abalone (Haliotis tuberculata).
Biodiversity context of all samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
Phytoplankton abundance at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2012.
Data for: Copper-binding ligands in the NE Pacific
(Exp. 7) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Additional file 11 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Phenotypical responses of Fucus vesiculosus germlings to warming, acidification, nutrient enrichment and local upwelling under natural fluctuations (July - September 2014) - Survival - OAW x N experiment.
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during ALKOR cruise AL217.
Match points used for synchronization of NGRIP, GRIP, and GISP2.
(Table S1) Original element/Ca data for the OGA and Tahiti corals.
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments: Magnetic Island oxygen fluxes.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_020 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_014 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
MOESM5 of Distribution of new satellites and simple sequence repeats in annual and perennial Glycine species
Additional file 8: of Polygenic sex determination in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia burtoni
Additional file 2: Table S2. of Transcription factors in microalgae: genome-wide prediction and comparative analysis
Additional file 15: Figure S7. of Transcription analysis of neonicotinoid resistance in Mediterranean (MED) populations of B. tabaci reveal novel cytochrome P450s, but no nAChR mutations associated with the phenotype
Appendix C. Pairwise comparisons of settlement patterns.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and processes during experiments with cyanobacterium Nodularia spumigena, 2009.
Stable isotopes measured on N. pachyderma and C. neoteretis of sediment core PS93/025.
Fragilariopsis kerguelensis valves of sediment core PS1768-8, raw data.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110203Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Temperature monitoring in the Thai Andaman Sea coral reefs from 2010-03 to 2010-06 - Racha East.
Sea ice targeted geoengineering simulation with the AWI Climate Model.
Additional file 4: Table S4. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Contrasting temperature chracteristics of Laminaria digitata and Hedophyllum nigripes - C:N-ratio, growth rate, PAM fluorometry, gametogenesis.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/011 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P5_205_PAMARCMIP_2017_1704082001, Version 1.
NMR spectra of 16-desmethylGYMD (1), GYM E (2), 20-Hydroxy-13,19-didesMethylSPXC (10) and 20-Hydroxy-13,19-didesMethylSPXD (11).
Table S2 from Targeted metagenomic recovery of four divergent viruses reveals shared and distinctive characteristics of giant viruses of marine eukaryotes.
Additional file 1: of High-resolution and high-precision correlation of dark and light layers in the Quaternary hemipelagic sediments of the Japan Sea recovered during IODP Expedition 346
(Table 1) Mg/Ca ratio and SST on Globigerinoides ruber (white) morphotypes of sediment core MD01-2390.
Redox speciation from water samples during METEOR cruise M77/1.
Additional file 1: of A-to-I editing of Malacoherpesviridae RNAs supports the antiviral role of ADAR1 in mollusks
Monosaccharide anhydrides (MA) records of Lake El'gygytgyn sediments (MIS 5e, 6, 7e, 8,11c, 12c).
Predicting Consumer Biomass, Size-Structure, Production, Catch Potential, Responses to Fishing and Associated Uncertainties in the World’s Marine Ecosystems
(Fig. 6) Distributions of the relative abundances of the most common diatom taxa in the PG1984 core of Lake Sysy-Kyuele.
Gametogenic cycle of Mesodesma donacium in Cucao and Quilanlar, Chile, September 2000 to August 2001.
TAC values used for the first three simulated years.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples during SONNE cruise SO202 (INOPEX).
Modern foraminiferal assemblages in northern Nares Strait, Petermann Fjord, and beneath Petermann ice tongue, NW Greenland
U–Pb ion-microprobe zircon geochronology from the basement inliers of eastern Graham Land, Antarctic Peninsula
Robust trends of landscape dynamics in the Arctic Lena Delta with temporally dense Landsat time-series stacks, with links to GeoTIFFs.
Raw multibeam bathymetry data collected around the sub-Antarctic Prince Edward Islands on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Supplementary Material for: Molecular Cytogenetic Analysis and Meiotic Pairing Behavior of Progenies Originating from a Hexaploid Triticale (×Triticosecale, Wittmack) and Bread Wheat (Triticum aestivum, L.) Cross
Additional file 1: of Discovery and annotation of a novel transposable element family in Gossypium
Additional file 2: of Metagenome-assembled genomes uncover a global brackish microbiome
Dataset for: Dams have varying impacts on fish communities across latitudes: A quantitative synthesis
Microstructure data from a MicroRider/Glider package (METEOR cruise M105 and M106).
Figure 4. Geochemistry on sediment core MD04-2879.
(Fig. 5) Planktonic foraminifer stable isotope records of sediment core MD99-2336.
Table S1. Past Himalayan erosion from Bengal Fan: Sample information, dating, 10Be and Sr-Nd isotopic results.
Sea surface temperatures for MIS 16 of IODP Site 306-U1313.
Carbon, nitrogen, stable carbon isotopes and radionuclides in the sediment core E40 from Eastern Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Model output of organic binding of iron and biological productivity from REcoM2 with a pH/DOC parameterisation of organic complexation.
Sulphur plume characteristics in the northern Benguela upwelling system.
Algae cover in a foresting experiment in Chipana Bay.
(Table A1) Age-depth points for core SO201-2-77.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification of Halimeda cuneata, photosynthetic rate of Halodule wrightii.
(Figure 6) Annual mean coral Sr/Ca for individual Bonaire corals.
Cooling of curimba (Prochilodus lineatus) embryos using different concentrations of dimethyl sulphoxide and methanol
Carbon and nitrogen content of the diet of Temora longicornis under different nutrient regimes.
(Table 4) Direction of storms for the periods 1958-1986 and 1987-2006 on Bykovsky Peninsula.
Gridded Melt Pond Cover Fraction on Arctic Sea Ice derived from TERRA-MODIS 8-day composite Reflectance Data
Appendix B. Six tables showing the results of Newman-Keuls post hoc tests between all grazer treatments for all response variables (initial grazing rate, mid-experiment grazing rate, and final yield of algal biomass) in the closed and in the open communities.
Seasonality affects macroalgal community response to increases in pCO2.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172046.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA01.
Data from: Developmental plasticity of the stress response in female but not male guppies
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/131-1.
GLOBEC-Germany - Integrated Datasets.
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 1 on 2013-09-01 (GEM2IceTh_DiveHole_IceStation1).
Seawater carbonate chemistry, processes and elements during experiments with planktonic foraminifera Orbulina universa, 2004.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_024 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Table 2: Age information for the analyzed cores.
Ground-ice stable isotope data from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-2208-A.
(Table 2) Uranium-series dating obtained from cold-water corals.
Appendix C. A figure showing the species–genus richness relationships.
Reference dataset for sea ice concentration
Gnathostomiasis acquired after consumption of raw freshwater fish in the Amazon region: a report of two cases in Brazil
In-situ images of glass sponges (Porifera: Hexactinellida: Rossellidae) extracted from ROV videos recorded during POLARSTERN cruise PS82 (ANT-XXIX/9) in the Weddell Sea.
3. Last Interglacial Al/Si log-ratio data from sediment core GeoB7925-1.
Appendix A. A figure showing the amphibian species present in 40 ponds and four types of surrounding land uses in Houston and Winona Counties, Minnesota, 2000–2001.
Integrated nutrients concentrations calculated for CTD water samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in 2012.
Biomass and stable isotope composition of plankton in five size fractions along a zonal transect (24°N) from the Canary Islands to Florida in January-March 2011.
Ocean acidification does not impair the behaviour of coral reef fishes
Effects of seawater calcium on calcification in mussel larvae.
Dissolved organic matter measurements off Peru during METEOR cruise M93 from CTD.
Two-way vessel track of RV Sarmiento de Gamboa when recording swath bathymetry during MEDWAVES cruise.
Ice rafted debris flux and composition of sediment core PS93/025.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and embryo survival, hatch Length, larval survival of Atlantic silverside Menidia menidia.
Porewater measurements during METEOR cruise M76/3b at the REGAB seep site in 2008.
CCDC 728844: Experimental Crystal Structure Determination
Raw multibeam EM122 data: transits of METEOR cruise M152/2 (Atlantic).
Metadata record for: ECMWF global coupled atmosphere, ocean and sea-ice dataset for the Year of Polar Prediction 2017-2020
At surface behaviour at location on spot of southern elephant seals from Marion Island in 2004 with links to datasets.
Specific conductivity measured with the dielectric profiling (DEP) technique on the NGRIP ice core.
Additional file 5: of Multilevel comparative bioinformatics to investigate evolutionary relationships and specificities in gene annotations: an example for tomato and grapevine
Seawater carbonate chemistry and net calcification, relative electron transport rates and photosynthetic pigments of Porolithon onkodes.
(Table 2) Radiometric data of sediment core PG1784, Lake Donggi Cona.
Additional file 12 of Comparative genomic and transcriptomic analyses of transposable elements in polychaetous annelids highlight LTR retrotransposon diversity and evolution
Fatty acids composition of jellyfish polyps under different stress regimes: a three trophic levels experiment.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100302Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 4 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Snow surface accumulation measured using SSA stake measurents, EastGRIP camp Greenland, May 2018.
Neodymium and hafnium isotopes and rare earth element concentrations from water bottle samples measured during METEOR cruise M121 along the Congo River plume (GEOTRACES cruise GA08).
Supplementary File – Table S4. Updated list of teleost sex chromosome systems including datasets for evaluation of sex chromosome differentiation and comparison with the Tree of Sex database. from Multiple sex chromosomes in teleost fishes from a cytogenetic perspective: state of the art and future challenges
(Table S1) 14C-AMS dates used for the chronology of sediment core GeoB9307-3.
Mesocosm experiment on warming and acidification effects in 2012: Nutrients and elemental composition.
Year-round chemical aerosol records at Kohnen, Antarctica obtained by automatic samplings.
Upward looking videos recorded with an ROV under sea ice at station PS80/384-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification rate, endosymbiont density, and maximum photosynthetic efficiency of branching reef corals Acropora digitifera and Montipora digitata.
Global distributions of pteropods (Gymnosomata, Thecosomata, Pseudothecosomata) abundance and biomass - Gridded data product (NetCDF) - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2009_sel_a_f_04 from Marion Island.
Supporting Fisheries Management by Means of Complex Models: Can We Point out Isles of Robustness in a Sea of Uncertainty?
Additional file 3: Figure S2. of Nucleotide diversity inflation as a genome-wide response to experimental lifespan extension in Drosophila melanogaster
(Table 1) Age determination of Globigerinoides sacculifer of sediment core MD99-2201.
GPS data of drifting buoy 2018T35 deployed in the Pacific sector of the Arctic Ocean during the TRANSDRIFT/TICE/NABOS expedition in summer 2018.
Data from: Validating the use of coloration patterns for individual recognition in the worm pipefish using a novel set of microsatellite markers
Appendix F. Human population density and piscivorous fish biomass at the atolls used in this study.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/015 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Orbital-scale reconstruction of sea surface temperature (SST) changes at IODP Site U1460.
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2000-2004. Part 2.
Figure 2: Chemical measurements from the EPICA Dome C core, on an age scale.
Appendix D. Akaike Information Criterion values and structure of candidate models describing mercury concentration in Clear Lake fishes.
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1984-1991. Part 1.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172047.
Specific conductivity measured with the dielectric profiling (DEP) technique on the EGRIP ice core, 13.77-1383.84 m depth.
Ultrastructure of intracytoplasmic Rickettsia-like infection of the gills of the teleost Archosargus probatocephalus (Sparidae) in northeastern Brazil
Table S1 from Population structure and connectivity of tiger sharks (Galeocerdo cuvier) across the Indo-Pacific Ocean basin.
Mathematical models to predict growth, fillet traits, and composition of wild traíra, Hoplias malabaricus
Lowered ADCP data during METEOR cruise M80/1.
Appendix C. Figures showing overall amphibian reproductive success and species richness by year and land use in Houston and Winona Counties, Minnesota, 2000–2001.
Morphometry of cold-water coral mounds along the northern Moroccan Atlantic margin.
CMA restricted to mammals and birds: myth or reality?
Oxygen isotope (δ¹⁸O) values of benthic ostracods from varved sediments from Mondsee (Austria) for the interval 7.7-8.7 ka BP.
Standard deviation of optical density by all particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
(Table 2) Radiometric data of sediment core PG1901, Lake Donggi Cona.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/105.
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_094.
Ground ice hydrochemical composition of permafrost core ICDP5011-3.
Incident spectral solar irradiance measured above sea ice at ROV station PS81/566-1.
Appendix I. Null and observed Median absolute deviation (MAD) of PDARs.
Additional file 3: Table S3. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Occurrence (presence-only) of living Lophelia pertusa reefs in the Irish continental margin.
Additional file 9: Table S8. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Authigenic neodymium isotope data from site M45/5_90 since the last glacial.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/201-1.
Erratum: Clinicopathological Features and Therapeutic Responses of Chinese Patients with Advanced Lung Adenocarcinoma Harboring an Anaplastic Lymphoma Kinase Rearrangement
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/007-7.
Snow accumulation from the Bryan Coast ice core (BC11), Ellsworth Land, West Antarctica
Additional file 4: of Gene expression profile during proliferation and differentiation of rainbow trout adipocyte precursor cells
Data from: Identifying footprints of selection in stocked brown trout populations: a spatio-temporal approach
Photoacclimation and photoregulation strategies of Corallina (Corallinales, Rhodophyta) across the NE Atlantic
Seawater carbonate chemistry and processes during experiments with Emiliania huxleyi (PML B92/11), 2000.
Additional file 7 of Unveiling protist diversity associated with the Pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas using blocking and excluding primers
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/012 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Quality control and other metadata of German dataset.
08. Major element proportions (XRF) and endmember unmixing results (% Andes) from sediment core GeoB7010-2.
Tessin_RSTA data file_reactive geochem.xlsx from Benthic phosphorus cycling within the Eurasian marginal sea ice zone
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P5_205_PAMARCMIP_2017_1704102101, Version 1.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/052.
Physical oceanography (currents) from mooring KPO_0987, instrument 02.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD01-2430.
Additional file 1: of Global gene expression in muscle from fasted/refed trout reveals up-regulation of genes promoting myofibre hypertrophy but not myofibre production
A high-resolution record of the atmospheric CO2 concentration from 60-20 kyr BP from the Taylor Dome ice core, Antarctica.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100905Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/102.
A quantitative genetic approach to assess the evolutionary potential of a coastal marine fish to ocean acidification.
Appendix C. Methods for chlorophyll a analysis.
SID-3 analysis results for 2D scattering patterns during the ACLOUD campaign in 2017.
Additional file 4: of Multilevel comparative bioinformatics to investigate evolutionary relationships and specificities in gene annotations: an example for tomato and grapevine
Appendix E. Results of the variation partitioning analyses.
Marine bivalve shell geochemistry and ultrastructure from modern low pH environments: environmental effect versus experimental bias.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/230-2.
Additional file 2: of Multilevel comparative bioinformatics to investigate evolutionary relationships and specificities in gene annotations: an example for tomato and grapevine
The modulating effect of light intensity on the response of the coccolithophore Gephyrocapsa oceanica to ocean acidification.
Swath sonar multibeam SeaBeam-1050 bathymetry during ACTIV cruise Activ_2014/Timmiarmiut with links to raw data files of bathymetry.
(Fig. 6) Coral content of sediment core GeoB6728-1.
Stable oxygen isotope and Mg/Ca ratios of Globigerina bulloides in MIS 16 of IODP Hole 306-U1313A.
Ocean acidification decreases the light-use efficiency in an Antarctic diatom under dynamic but not constant light.
Supplement 1. Trophic position data set and a complete reference list for the set.
Additional file 6 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Effects of increased CO2 concentration on nutrient limited coastal summer plankton depend on temperature.
Additional file 4: Table S4. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Temperature, oxygen and hydrogen sulphide measurements above bathymodiolin mussels during ROV dive M60/3-38 part a.
Abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23411-5.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/085.
Levamisole on the biochemical and hematological responses to parasitism by monogenoids in dog snapper
Stable isotopes (δ¹³Corg and d15N) from sediment core PRGL_1-4.
Airborne radar bed elevation picks across the Wilkes Subglacial Basin, 2005-2006
KOSMOS Finland 2012 mesocosm study: Phytoplankton biomass and pigment concentration, Nitrogen cycle parameters.
(Supplement 2) EDC gas chronologies for the different scenarios 1 to 4.
Bulk Calcium and Titanium contents and Ti/Ca ratio of sediment core GeoB11804-4.
Additional file 7: Table S6. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
MOESM7 of Distribution of new satellites and simple sequence repeats in annual and perennial Glycine species
Surface active substances in the water column during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXI/3 (EIFEX).
Additional file 5 of Chromosome behavior during meiosis in pollen mother cells from Saccharum officinarum × Erianthus arundinaceus F1 hybrids
Additional file 8: Table S6. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Phytoplankton calcification as an effective mechanism to alleviate cellular calcium poisoning.
Quantitative and qualitative variables of semen from surubim do Iguaçu, Steindachneridion melanodermatum Garavello, 2005 (Siluriformes: Pimelodidae)
GPR profiles between B31, B32, and B33, terrestrial traverses 1999/2000 ; 2000/2001, Droning-Maud Land.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/008 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Biopolymers form a gelatinous microlayer at the air-sea interface when Arctic sea ice melts.
Carbon uptake rate calculated for sea-ice core samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in 2012.
Combined effects of ocean acidification and light or nitrogen availabilities on 13C fractionation in marine dinoflagellates.
Reproductive biology and population structure of Protolira valvatoides and Pseudorimula midatlantica
Additional file 7: of Multilevel comparative bioinformatics to investigate evolutionary relationships and specificities in gene annotations: an example for tomato and grapevine
Georeferenced photomosaic of the Chapopote bubble site during RV METEOR cruise M114/2 (2015), links to GeoTIFFs.
Momareto 2006: environmental conditions
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Vilkitzkii3-1416 in the Laptev Sea.
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O record from Bonaire coral BON-7-B, 3.83 ka.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20090919Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Ice rafted debris and detrial carbonate content of IODP Hole 303-U1302A.
Rare earth elements determined in ice core EDC by inductively coupled plasma quadrupole mass spectrometry (ICP-Q-MS).
Landcover derived from Sentinel-1 and Sentinel-2 satellite data (2015-2018) for subarctic and arctic environments.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20120126Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Planktic foraminiferal flux of sediment trap NS_trap.
Support Data Assets for Figures and Tables in gmd-2018-292 (Geosci. Model Dev.)
Ice thickness from the Dome Fuji region, East Antarctica from ice-penetrating radar.
Automatic weather station measurements between August 2018 to August 2019 at a boreal forest site in the region of Lena-Viluy in Eastern Siberia.
Upward looking videos recorded with an ROV under sea ice at station PS80/237-1.
Investigation of abrupt cold events in the North Atlantic Ocean in a transient Holocene simulation.
Additional file 1: of Additive transcriptomic variation associated with reproductive traits suggest local adaptation in a recently settled population of the Pacific oyster, Crassostrea gigas
Appendix B. Relative contribution of NH4+ excretion, grazing on nitrifying bacteria, and respiration by C. riparius larvae to NH4+, O2, and CO2 fluxes across the sediment–water interface.
Additional file 2 of SMAD4 haploinsufficiency in small intestinal neuroendocrine tumors
Sea ice conditions during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXIX/6 (AWECS).
(Table A2) Age-depth points for core SO201-2-85.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and survival, growth and behavior of a coral reef fish.
Concentration of hydrogen ions measured with the Electrical Conductivity Method (ECM) on the NGRIP ice core.
Additional file 2 of Comparison between transcriptomic responses to short-term stress exposures of a common Holarctic and endemic Lake Baikal amphipods
One-minute average horizontal wind velocity data (not corrected for air-flow distortion) from the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) 2016/2017 legs 0 to 4.
Shape-invariant multibeam backscatter data of the eastern slope of the Porcupine Seabight (50 m grid size).
FTIRS derived biogenic silica of samples from Lake Elgygytgyn, NE Russia.
Tab. 1: Radiocarbon dated pollen spectra from Bykovsky Peninsula.
Circumarctic wetland dataset based on ENVISAT ASAR Global Monitoring Mode with links to geotiff image and NetCDF files (2005-01 to 2011-12).
Oxygen isotope records of foraminifera, and alkenone and Mg/Ca-based SST estimates for IODP Site 306-U1313.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and physiological performance parameters of Carcinus maenas under respective incubation conditions.
Additional file 1 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
5. Last Interglacial benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes from sediment core GeoB9506-1.
Sediment phaeopigment concentrations from the Laptev Sea (Arctic Ocean) during Polarstern expedition ARK-XXVII/3 (PS80) from August-September 2012.
Additional file 4: of GC bias lead to increased small amino acids and random coils of proteins in cold-water fishes
Supplement 1. Data on skull length for 44 species of carnivores and sources for the data used in Table 3.
Geochemical analysis at ODP Site 207-1259 from the Demerara Rise in the western equatorial Atlantic.
On the Southern Ocean CO2 uptake and the role of the biological carbon pump in the 21st century, links to supplementary material.
Occurrence of microtextures recorded from quartz sand grains of ODP Hole 178-1101A (Table 1).
Example Instantiations of the e-Infrastructure Catalogue of Services
(Table 1) Age model of IODP Site 306-U1314.
Appendix I. Results of redundancy analysis on algal cover data, and environmental and experimental variables.
Additional file 14 of Comparative genomic and transcriptomic analyses of transposable elements in polychaetous annelids highlight LTR retrotransposon diversity and evolution
(Table 1) Temperature and salinity of water pump/CTD casts in the strait of Øresund between Denmark and Sweden during 2004/2005.
Additional file 12 of DNA methylation atlas and machinery in the developing and regenerating annelid Platynereis dumerilii
Appendix B. ANOVA testing the effect of seascape, site, and treatment on survival of 5–15 mm mussels at four sites in the small-scale experiment.
Improved high-resolution atmospheric CH4 record derived from the EPICA Dome C ice core covering MIS 9e - 12a.
Appendix B. Detailed statistical results of the temporal variations analysis and the stepwise selection of the regression model.
Supporting Appendix 1 from Phylogenetic and functional evidence suggests that deep-ocean ecosystems are highly sensitive to environmental change and direct human disturbance.
Age model of IODP Site 303-U1308.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/184-1.
Stable carbon and oxygen isotopic composition of benthic foraminifera of IODP Site 306-U1313.
Serology and patterns of antimicrobial susceptibility in Escherichia coli isolates from pay-to-fish ponds
Estimate of the atmospherically-forced contribution to sea surface height variability based on altimetric observations
Appendix E. Akaike Information Criterion values and structure of candidate models describing mercury concentrations in black crappie, bluegill, inland silversides, largemouth bass, prickly sculpin, and threadfin shad.
(Table 1) Portuguese continental margin SPM sampling stations and bulk geochemistry.
4) Planktic and benthic foraminiferal stable isotope data from core MD95-2042: revised chronology for the Last Interglacial (period 135-110 ka).
Model output of the Greenland Ice Sheet to interglacial climate forcing: MIS 5e versus MIS 11.
Statistical analysis of the PMIP3 Holocene model ensemble with links to NetCDF files.
Rock magnetic end-member unmixing of sediment cores from IODP Hole 370-C0023A.
Annual-layer thickness, δ¹⁸O and sodium values on Akademii Nauk ice core (AD 900-1998) based on core chronology AN 2012.
The Biodiversity of the Mediterranean Sea: Estimates, Patterns, and Threats
Sediment metal geochemistry from gravity corer SO239_194-1 of SONNE cruise SO239.
Seawater carbonate chemistry in Kongsfjorden, Svalbard, May 2009.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20111230Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Stable oxygen isotopes of ice core EDML.
(Table 1) Physical oceanography from several POLARSTERN cruises to the Arctic Ocean, 1993 - 2012.
Raw data from a wide-angle seismic survey in the Ionian Sea and the eastern Sicily Margin
Accumulation rates calculated from coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23071-3.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD01-2404.
Data from: Population genomics of rapid evolution in natural populations: polygenic selection in response to power station thermal effluents
Seawater carbonate chemistry and mortality and behavior of the Antarctic amphipod Gondogeneia antarctica.
Metadata record for: Local sea level trends, accelerations and uncertainties over 1993-2019
Additional file 7: of Genome sequence and effectorome of Moniliophthora perniciosa and Moniliophthora roreri subpopulations
Data from: Next-generation monitoring of aquatic biodiversity using environmental DNA metabarcoding
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_617-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and survival and growth of oyster species Crassostrea hongkongensis.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core B3 from Berau, Indonesia.
Additional file 7: Table S4. of Fish connectivity mapping: linking chemical stressors by their mechanisms of action-driven transcriptomic profiles
Additional file 7: of Transcriptomic response to parasite infection in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) depends on rearing density
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2012_sel_a_f_01 from Marion Island.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and survival and growth of four agglutinating foraminifera.
delta 18O measured on ice core TALDICE on AICC2012 chronology.
(Table 2) Mineralogical composition of samples and site-specific temperatures from METEOR cruise M74/3 in 2007.
Equivalent black carbon aerosol measured over the Southern Ocean in the austral summer of 2016/2017, during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
Additional file 16 of Comparative genomic and transcriptomic analyses of transposable elements in polychaetous annelids highlight LTR retrotransposon diversity and evolution
Appendix A. Description of flow, biological, and other predictor variables used in generalized linear mixed models of rainbow and brown trout recruitment and mean adult length.
Meiofaunal abundance in sediments obtained during Belgica cruise BG06/13, Gollum Channels and Whittard Canyon.
Aquatic Mollusca (Gastropoda and Bivalvia) from the Malaysian Borneo: A bibliographic records
Seawater carbonate chemistry and physiology and functional gene expression of the coccolithophore Emiliania huxleyi.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_048 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
MOESM5 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
Lake maps 2001/2002 and 2009, Central Yakutia, Siberia.
18. Last Interglacial Al/Si log-ratio data from sediment core GeoB1016-3.
Spectral solar cloud top radiance measured by airborne spectral imaging (AISA Hawk) during the ACLOUD campaign in 2017.
Svalbard 2010 team (2010): EPOCA Svalbard mesocosm experiment 2010 depth-integrated (0-12m) variables.
(Figure 5) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-7-B, 3.83 ka.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and neurobiological and behavioural responses of cleaning mutualisms.
Amundsen Sea, seismic reflection profile AWI-20100130.
Additional file 1 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
SI Video 1 Sloughed skin fragment taking, Emy.mp4; SI Video 2 Sloughed skin fragment taking, Tache Blanche from Kin relationships in cultural species of the marine realm: case study of a matrilineal social group of sperm whales off Mauritius island, Indian Ocean
Photos of fresh and dried glass sponges (Anoxycalyx joubini, Rossella cf. nuda, Rossella cf. vanhoeffeni, Rossella sp.) collected during POLARSTERN cruise PS82 (ANT-XXIX/9) in the Weddell Sea.
GPS data of drifting buoy 2018T52 deployed in the Pacific sector of the Arctic Ocean during the TRANSDRIFT/TICE/NABOS expedition in summer 2018.
Appendix A. The encoding of stations and species used in Fig. 2.
Mesozooplankton abundance in waters of the Aegean Sea in September 1994.
Bait Trials at Swansea Bay.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and diatom silica production in the Southern Ocean.
The southwest Indian Ocean Bathymetric Compilation (swIOBC).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and coral offspring ecological performance.
Pollen data of Lake El'gygytgyn sediments, core PG1351 (MIS 5e, 6, 7e, 8).
Stable isotope and C/N ratios in the sea star Marthasterias glacialis preserved frozen, dried, in formaldehyde or in ethanol.
Additional file 7: of Polygenic sex determination in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia burtoni
(Figure 6b) Normalized palaeointensity estimates for sediment core PS2138-1, eastern Arctic Ocean.
TOC, δ¹³C and accumulation rates of core PM9499-2, Laptev Sea.
Additional file 5: of Double maternal-effect: duplicated nucleoplasmin 2 genes, npm2a and npm2b, with essential but distinct functions are shared by fish and tetrapods
Mesozooplankton community development at elevated CO2.
Planktonic foraminifera counts and shell weight from sediment traps Cape Blanc-3 and Cape Blanc-18.
(Table A5) Radiocarbon dates performed on sediment core SO164-17-2.
Mesocosm experiment Cape Verde 2012: Setup.
Appendix A. Additional details on data, model development, and analysis results.
Supplementary 3 from Genetics redraws pelagic biogeography of Calanus
(Table 2) Age control points from IODP Site 339-U1386.
Coriolis Argo floats data processing chain
Seawater carbonate chemistry and UVR-induced inhibition of photosynthetic light reactions and growth in an intertidal red macroalga.
Supplementary Tables  S3-S5 detailing reduced biological function GO terms from REVIGO of differentially expressed transcripts between Winter Skate Populations from Adaptive phenotypic response to climate enabled by epigenetics in a K-strategy species, the fish Leucoraja ocellata (Rajidae)
Physical oceanography from glider mission ifm07_depl08 (old version).
HROV images of the Karasik Seamount seafloor collected during POLARSTERN cruise PS101.
Computed tomography analysis of multicorer SO268/2_122-1, core14.
Additional file 2: of The crowns have eyes: multiple opsins found in the eyes of the crown-of-thorns starfish Acanthaster planci
Pore-water analyses of permafrost deposits from Byk_98_MB-6.3 (Bykovsky Peninsula in 1998).
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2005-2006. Part 2.
Additional file 13 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
Ti/Sr rations of Lake Heihai sediment cores.
Monthly Tahiti coral Sr/Ca and oxygen isotope data from IODP Hole 310-M0024A.
The physiological response of two green calcifying algae from the great barrier reef towards high dissolved inorganic and organic carbon (DIC and DOC) availability.
Age model and Nd/Ca ratio of planktonic foraminifera from sediment core MD05-2925 off the Solomon Sea.
Constraints on the magnitude and patterns of ocean cooling at the Last Glacial Maximum - Supplementary material.
Additional file 3: of An evolutionary approach to recover genes predominantly expressed in the testes of the zebrafish, chicken and mouse
Drumlins in the Nordenskiöldbreen forefield, Svalbard
Geochemical analyses from the Boninite suite lavas and the Izu-Bonin forearc from IODP Hole 352-U1439A and 352-U1442A.
Isotope measurements from ODP Hole 104-642B.
Photos of spicule preparations of glass sponges (Anoxycalyx joubini, Rossella cf. nuda) collected during POLARSTERN cruise PS77 (ANT-XXVII/3, CAMBIO) in the Weddell Sea.
Additional file 29 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
(Fig. 4) Assemblage of benthic foraminifera in sediment core GeoB6725-1.
Growth rates of unicellular cyanobacteria (Crocosphaera watsonii) at different seawater pH.
Eigenvalues of crystal-orientation tensors for c-axes distributions of vertical thin sections from the Alpine ice core KCC (2013).
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML17C98_33 (B33).
Data from: Bridging the Rubicon: phylogenetic analysis reveals repeated colonizations of marine and fresh waters by thalassiosiroid diatoms
Assessment of heavy metals and its impact on DNA fragmentation in different fish species
Experiment: Physiological responses of the calcifying rhodophyte, Corallina officinalis (L.), to future CO2 levels.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of On the genome base composition of teleosts: the effect of environment and lifestyle
Seawater carbonate chemistry and gene expression and heart rates of intertidal limpet.
Additional file 2: Table S2. of Comparative genome analysis of 52 fish species suggests differential associations of repetitive elements with their living aquatic environments
Seawater carbonate chemistry and resource allocation and extracellular acid-base status in the sea urchin Strongylocentrotus droebachiensis during experiments, 2012.
Additional file 6 of Genome evolution during bread wheat formation unveiled by the distribution dynamics of SSR sequences on chromosomes using FISH
Appendix F. Average biomass of the most abundant benthic feeding fishes inside and outside the experimental exclosures.
(Table 1) Climate data from the period 1963-2012 of 17 weather stations.
Raw stable water isotope measurements in water vapour at 8 m a.s.l. on the port side of the ship, made in the austral summer of 2016/2017 during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
TableS2.xlsx from Behavioural red-light sensitivity in fish according to the optomotor response
Raw multibeam EM122 data and data products: SONNE cruise SO237 (North Atlantic).
Figure 5. Trace metal analysis of sediment core PS1506-1.
Dataset from Evidences of strong sources of DFe and DMn in Ryder Bay, Western Antarctic Peninsula
MOESM1 of An annotated checklist of macrozoobenthic species in German waters of the North and Baltic Seas
(Appendix 6) Benthic foraminifera at termination II in sediment core PS1906-2 in the Greenland Sea.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_430-3.
(Table S1) Concentration of the individual and summed sedimentary BHPs.
Particulate rare earth element concentrations and neodymium isotope compositions in the central Arctic Ocean during FS Polarstern PS94 (GEOTRACES GN04).
(Table 1) Total carbon content, alkalinity, pH and pCO2 of the experimental carbonate system during time.
Results of human and animal samples subjected to stable isotope analysis and quality indicators of protein extraction procedure were reported.
Carbon isotopes from Bodudd section in Gotland, Sweden.
Data from: Recombination in the threespine stickleback genome – patterns and consequences
CO2 record from the EPICA Dome C 1999 (EDC99) ice core (Antarctica) covering 667 to 799 kyr BP measured at LGGE in Grenoble, France.
Appendix H. Null C and Z values under the continental null model.
Best-hit placement tree from A global metabarcoding analysis expands molecular diversity of Platyhelminthes and reveals novel early-branching clades
Miocene ocean temperatures (TEX86-L) of IODP Site U1356.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100624Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Patagonian shelf (South America, South-West Atlantic) along profile PS40/106-6.
Supplementary Material for: Microhabitat Use Affects Brain Size and Structure in Intertidal Gobies
Aboveground community and species-specific plant biomass from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2003).
Age determination from different sediment cores off PRISME-3 cruise along the Corsica Trough, Northern Tyrrhenian Sea.
Data for: Digital image analysis of flatfish bleeding injury
Variable extent of anisotropic ice and soft sediment in the basal zone of Store Glacier.
Model results of sensitivity experiments for marine nitrogen cycle in four NetCDF files.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_031 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_428-3.
Simulation results: CryoGrid 3 set-up for ice-wedge polygons
Seawater carbonate chemistry and reproductive development,larval survival and larval size of eastern oyster (Crassostrea virginica).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and phytoplankton biomass and species composition of a unique temperate rocky coastal hydrothermal vent system.
Appendix E. Maps of predicted total species richness (fish, mussels, and crayfish) and predicted richness of globally rare, threatened, and endangered species for Missouri.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and phytoplankton, copepod development, and fatty acid accumulation.
Management parameters values identified from leaf 6 and environmental variability they allow dealing with. For sole in subarea 7D.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core C45 from Central Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
The fish in the creek is sentient, even if I can’t speak with it
Stable oxygen isotope records of different benthic foraminiferal species of core GeoB3004-1 from the western Arabian Sea.
Supplementary Material for: Sensitization to Local Seafood Allergens in Adult Patients with Atopic Dermatitis in Malaysia
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_053.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_008 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_686-1.
Macerals in surface sediments of the Laptev Sea (Arctic Ocean).
AMS radiocarbon (14C) dates determined on multi-species samples of planktonic foraminifera from four off-mound sediment cores.
Sulphate reduction rates of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station MSM16/2_823-1 (Sample 9, old flow surface).
Temperature and salinity measurements on the Laptev Sea shelf in 2013-2014 at mooring site \"1893-T1\".
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth of Saccharina latissima and herbivory of Lacuna vincta.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and diatom Phaeodactylum tricornutum (CCMA 106) biological processes during experiments, 2010.
Additional file  of Transcriptome and proteome analysis of Pinctada margaritifera calcifying mantle and shell: focus on biomineralization
Pore pressure and temperature data from piezometer SPF-PZ3L-01C on EMSO-LIGURE NICE observatory, since September 2016
(Table 1) Anemone pedal disk diameter from sites at North Vulvano Island.
Pollen and dinoflagellate cyst counts on sediment core M72/5_628-1 (MD72/5-25-GC1) from the Black Sea.
Coccolith flux of sediment trap NB6.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and DNA, RNA, proteins and mass of Gadus morhua during experiments (Experiment 4), 2012.
Physical oceanography from glider mission IFM03_depl09.
Morphometric comparison of three Southern Ocean Fragilariopsis species.
Appendix C. Estimation of minimum distance between ARGOS locations.
High-resolution current meter and hydrographic data from the Irminger Current mooring array 2014-2015
Seawater carbonate chemistry and antioxidant defences, oxidative stress of two marine copepods.
Data for: Zircon U-Pb, Geochemical and Isotopic Constraints on the Age and Origin of A- and I-type Granites and Gabbro-Diorites from NW Iran: Implication for Continental Crust Growth
Appendix C. Mercury concentrations (geometric mean) in Clear Lake fishes.
Mesocosm experiment on warming and acidification effects on phytoplankton composition and cell size.
Data from: Contrasting the roles of section length and instream habitat enhancement for river restoration success: a field study on 20 European restoration projects
Accumulation rate of firn core DML13C98_16.
Biomass density and catch composition of mesopelagic fish and invertebrates in the Northeast Atlantic.
Public Perceptions of Aquaculture: Evaluating Spatiotemporal Patterns of Sentiment around the World
Experiment effects on marine bacterial community composition: diversity analysis.
(Table 1) Age-Depth relation for ODP Site 202-1233.
Appendix D. Details concerning the distribution, abundance, and diversity of mesograzers on seaweeds from Sydney, southeastern Australia.
Data from: Study of morphological variation of northern Neotropical Ariidae reveals conservatism despite macrohabitat transitions
Elemental and Mo isotope data (porewater) of multicorer samples from the Guaymas Basin (Gulf of California; SONNE cruise SO241).
Water stable isotope record of ice core GRIP (mid Holocene).
Additional file 2: Table S2. of On the genome base composition of teleosts: the effect of environment and lifestyle
Seawater carbonate chemistry and processes during experiments with coccolithophores (Emiliania huxleyi and Gephyrocapsa oceanica), 2000.
Particle concentration and size distribution in the NGRIP ice core.
Snow specific surface area (SSA) retrieved from spectral surface albedo (ground-based and airborne) and reflectance (spaceborne) measurements at Kohnen research station, Antarctica, during austral summer 2013/14.
Additional file 1 of Dissecting the factors shaping fish skin microbiomes in a heterogeneous inland water system
Bacterial data from CTD stations during POLARSTERN cruise PS85 (ARK-XXVIII/2).
Appendix E. The effect of settlement variation on the strength of competition.
Metadata record for: The International Bathymetric Chart of the Arctic Ocean Version 4.0
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/016 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Total V9 rDNA information organized at the OTU level for the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2012).
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML12C98_17.
Colored dissolved organic matter (CDOM) and dissolved organic carbon (DOC) measured during helicopter/ice camp TRANSDRIFT-XX, Laptev Sea.
Grain size distribution from permafrost cores collected in 2014 on Sobo-Sise Island, Lena River Delta, Siberia.
Data from: Environmental DNA reveals tropical shark diversity in contrasting levels of anthropogenic impact. 2017. By Bakker J, Wangensteen OS, Chapman DD, Boussarie G, Buddo D, Guttridge TL, Hertler H, Mouillot D, Vigliola L, Mariani S
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Mytilus edulis biological processes during experiments, 2010.
Appendix A. A table presenting the numbers of animals from each species that were included in each of the 12 species compositions used in the experiment, for both the closed and open treatments, for one local pool, and a table showing the mean dry mass for one specimen of each species.
Supplementary table 3: Pairwise Fst values (below diagonal) and corresponding p-values (above diagonal) calculated using13 microsatellites genotyped in 45 individuals from RAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate: implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Daily means of bottom temperature and bottom oxygen measurements on the Namibian shelf at 18°S.
Calcification of the Arctic coralline red algae Lithothamnion glaciale in response to elevated CO2.
Global biostratigraphic comparison and correlation of an early Cisuralian palynoflora from Bolivia
Modular chromosome rearrangements reveal parallel and nonparallel adaptation in a marine fish
Specific conductivity measured with the dielectric profiling (DEP) technique on the NEEM ice core (down to 1493.295 m depth).
(Table 1) pH, water temperature, POC and stable carbon isotope measurement on water samples of the Selenga River outflow.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0207-1.
Thorium isotopes in the water column at station PS94/117.
Recorded behaviours by GoPro of anemonefish species Amphiprion clarkii and Amphiprion melanopus in observer presence and observer absence, Vanuatu, 2019.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Lena-0304 in the Laptev Sea.
Element intensities and concentrations of K, Ti and Ca, true molar ratios of these elements and derived CaCO3 at IODP Site 306-U1314.
(Table 1) Organic and inorganic geochemical analysis of Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous black shale sediments from the Norwegian-Greenland Seaway.
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P5_205_PAMARCMIP_2017_1704021401, Version 1.
Mass, inverse of mass, uncertainty in inverse of mass, F14C value and uncertainty in F14C value of standard compounds used for 14C blank assessment in compound-specific radiocarbon analysis of lipid biomarkers and lignin phenols.
Effects of paternal investment on sexual immune dimorphism in three species of sex-role reversed pipefish: candidate gene expression (Fluidigm) of females and males in different gravity stages.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/094.
Dissolved iron speciation from water samples during METEOR cruise M136.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and characterising biogeochemical fluctuations in a world of extremes.
Muted multidecadal climate variability in central Europe during cold stadial periods.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100515Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Juvenile sea stars exposed to acidification decrease feeding and growth with no acclimation potential.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Gadus morhua length, weight and sperm biological processes, 2010.
Appendix A. A list of all papers used in the meta-analytic calculations.
Additional file 12: Table S7. of Transcription analysis of neonicotinoid resistance in Mediterranean (MED) populations of B. tabaci reveal novel cytochrome P450s, but no nAChR mutations associated with the phenotype
Seawater carbonate chemistry and mortality, larval development, larval growth, shell integrity and loss of Tritia reticulata.
Age model of sediment core JC11-K5, Lake Czechowskie, N Poland.
The effect of herbal salt as a natural antioxidant in preserving fish during freezing storage
Additional file 2 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Hydrographical time series data of the littoral zone of Kongsfjorden, Svalbard 2017.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and copepod adult size, egg production, and egg size and growth.
Main characteristics of Maurolicus muelleri from the mesopelagic in the Northeast Atlantic.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and benthic foraminifera Ammonia sp. uranium incorporation during experiments, 2013.
Appendix C. Biomass of fishes recorded in SCUBA surveys of the forereef habitat.
Live benthic foraminifera in South Atlantic surface sediments.
Geochemistry at BIGO station M107_665-1 on given timesteps.
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O record from Bonaire coral BON-9-A, 1912 AD.
Appendix B. Experimental images.
On Constraining Projections of Future Climate Using Observations and Simulations From Multiple Climate Models
SST and synchronized ages from IODP Site 339-U1387.
The diatom Chaetoceros socialis: spore formation and preservation
WOCE SAMBA experiment float data
Physical oceanography and current meter data from mooring F15-9.
Argo float data WMO6900529.
Permafrost cores and active layer pits on Herschel Island: core attributes.
δ¹⁸O and δ¹³C record of Paragloborotalia siakensis and Dentoglobigerina venezuelana from IODP Hole 321-U1337A.
Ocean acidification boosts larval fish development but reduces the window of opportunity for successful settlement.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_672-1.
Dead benthic foraminifera in South Atlantic surface sediments.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and larval shell development and growth of marine bivalve.
Linear mixed models testing the effects of island (fixed), site (random), and depth zone (fixed) on patterns of fish density among the Tristan da Cunha islands.
Additional file 5 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
Seawater carbonate chemistry and behaviour, physiological metrics in blacktip reef shark (Carcharhinus melanopterus).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and density and size-frequency distribution, shell morphology, shell integrity, fracture resistance, and desiccation tolerance of intertidal gastropod.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_431-3.
MOESM3 of Comparative genomics reveals a widespread distribution of an exopolysaccharide biosynthesis gene cluster among Vibrionaceae
Supplementary Tables S2 detailing differential expression of transcripts between Winter Skate populations from Adaptive phenotypic response to climate enabled by epigenetics in a K-strategy species, the fish Leucoraja ocellata (Rajidae)
Additional file 1: of GC bias lead to increased small amino acids and random coils of proteins in cold-water fishes
Additional file 5: Figure S2. of Transcription analysis of neonicotinoid resistance in Mediterranean (MED) populations of B. tabaci reveal novel cytochrome P450s, but no nAChR mutations associated with the phenotype
Table S4 from Targeted metagenomic recovery of four divergent viruses reveals shared and distinctive characteristics of giant viruses of marine eukaryotes.
Physical oceanography during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XIII/4 on section S04A.
Additional file 5: of Polygenic sex determination in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia burtoni
Additional file 4: of Discovery and annotation of a novel transposable element family in Gossypium
Coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23400-3.
Data from: Eelgrass (Zostera marina) food web structure in different environmental settings
Physical and biogeochemical oceanography data from underway measurements with an AquaLine Ferrybox during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Ocean bottom seismometer recording April-June 2016 offshore Molène Island, Brittany, France
(Table 1a) Age control points of sediment core GeoB7622-2 and GeoB7622-3, Black Sea.
Identification of the autophagy pathway in a mollusk bivalve, Crassostrea gigas
Model output from cold-water corals.
Input parameters most impacting output variables (continued).
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-23 (GEM2IceTh_ROVgrid_IceStation2_SeparateREFSystem).
Polonium-210 and Lead-210 activities measured on 9 water bottle profiles during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXIV/3.
Last Interglacial synthesis of high-latitude temperature: temperature anomalies and associated errors for 4 time slices.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes of Sepia officinalis during experiments, 2010.
Radiogenic Sr, Nd and Pb isotope data and clay mineral abundances of the < 2 µm size fraction of ODP Hole 121-758A.
MOESM3 of Using a vector pool containing variable-strength promoters to optimize protein production in Yarrowia lipolytica
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO242/1_25-1_AUV3 (Abyss_189) during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110928Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Supplementary Material for: Cytoarchitecture of a Cichlid Fish Telencephalon
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during ALKOR cruise AL207.
Appendix E. Color versions of the two photographs in Plate 1 (a natural wetland and an agricultural constructed pond in Winona County, Minnesota).
Results of a PERMANOVA testing differences in fish community structure among the Tristan da Cunha Islands.
Climate-driven impacts of exotic species on marine ecosystems [Dataset]
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR6_MTB_37.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR4_MTB_16.
TOC, δ¹³C and accumulation rates of sediment core PS2725-5, Laptev Sea.
Snow surface accumulation measured using manual stick measurents, EastGRIP camp Greenland, May 2018.
Tessin_RSTA data file_porewater geochem.xlsx from Benthic phosphorus cycling within the Eurasian marginal sea ice zone
Stable oxygen isotope ratios of planktonic foraminifera in MIS 16 of IODP Site 306-U1313.
Supplementary Material 5. qPCR Data from Evidence for oscillating circadian clock genes in the copepod Calanus finmarchicus during summer solstice in the high Arctic
Additional file 6 of Unveiling protist diversity associated with the Pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas using blocking and excluding primers
Supplementary Material for: Her-2/neu Overexpression Due to Polysomy 17 in Breast Cancer: Molecular Testing to Guide Therapeutic Options
Additional file 5 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Aboveground community and species-specific plant biomass from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2005).
Stable isotopes on planktic foraminifer G. quingueloba in sediment core GIK23063-2.
Seismic reflection data from BELGICA cruise BG08/13a with links to NAV, TRA and SEG files.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO242/1_41-1_AUV5 (Abyss_191) during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
03. Major element proportions (XRF) and endmember unmixing results (% Andes) from sediment core GeoB4411-2.
Supplementary File – Table S3. The proportion of teleost species with multiple sex chromosome systems to all species with sex chromosomes per order. from Multiple sex chromosomes in teleost fishes from a cytogenetic perspective: state of the art and future challenges
Intercalibrated dataset of in situ dissolved organic matter fluorescence from ice tethered profile 93 in the Central Arctic (2015-2016).
Environmental context of all samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013), about nutrients in the targeted environmental feature.
Snow thickness at Ice Camp 1 on 2013-09-07 (SnowTh_ROVgrid_IceStation1).
Sea ice conditions during the POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVI/3 (TransArc) in 2011.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100327Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Dissolved organic carbon in the water column of the Strait of Gibraltar over 2008-2015: database generated at the GIFT (Gibraltar Fixed Time Series)
Pockmark morphological attributes at the Aquitaine slope, GAZCOGNE1 (2013) and BOBGEO2 (2010) marine expeditions
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_118.
(Figure 5) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-6-A, 2.35 ka.
Adaptation and acclimatization to ocean acidification in marine ectotherms: an in situ transplant experiment with polychaetes at a shallow CO2 vent system.
CTD-mean fluorescence data from RV Meteor cruise M122 in 2016 off Angola.
MOESM9 of Is geographical variation driving the transcriptomic responses to multiple stressors in the kelp Saccharina latissima?
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/192-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and internal carbonate chemistry regulation and calcification in corals growing at a Mediterranean CO2 vent.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes of mussel Crassostrea gigas during experiments, 2011.
8) SST, seawater δ¹⁸O, IRD, planktic and benthic foraminiferal stable isotope data from core CH69-K09: revised chronology for the Last Interglacial (period 135-110 ka).
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during Alexander von Humboldt cruise AvH44/03/01.
Supplementary Material 1 from Salinity tolerance and geographical origin predict global alien amphipod invasions global amphipod invasions
Appendix D. Alternative predation risk metric.
Physical oceanography from glider mission IFM02_depl22.
Wave-induced changes in seaweed toughness entail plastic modifications in snail traits maintaining consumption efficacy, link to supplementary material.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/220-2.
2) (Figure 3) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-28-AI, 123.3 ka.
Additional file 13 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
(Appendix C) CaFe index of sediment core GeoB16224-1.
Appendix A. A map of the study sites.
Contents and isotopic speciation of sedimentary carbon and nitrogen in sediment core MD01-2404, the Okinawa Trough.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0159-1.
High Resolution Underway Nitrous Oxide Measurements (water) during METEOR cruise M99.
Supplementary figure 5 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Metabolic rates of Euphasia superba larvae.
02. Benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes from sediment core GeoB4411-2.
Additional file 5: of Hmga2 is necessary for Otx2-dependent exit of embryonic stem cells from the pluripotent ground state
Varimax factor matrix (VFM) of the plankton data set, tab A.
KOSMOS 2013 Gullmar Fjord long-term mesocosm study: Mesozooplankton abundance in Fjord water.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Maxwell_Bay_STA05.
Supplement 2. NPP, biomass, and ancillary data for forest sites around the world.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and physiology and extrapallial fluid pH, calcification rate, and condition factor of the king scallop Pecten maximus.
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments: Magnetic Island profiles.
Calibrated data of stable water isotope measurements in water vapour at 8 m a.s.l. on the port side of the ship, made in the austral summer of 2016/2017 around the Southern Ocean during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
Litter surveys on 24 beaches of 8 Mediterranean islands (2017-2019).
Nematode abundances in sediments from the Nyegga pockmark area (Norwegian Sea) obtained during the VICKING expedition in 2006.
Biogenic opal accumulation rate of sediment core MD07-3133.
Wall thicknesses of thick and thin shells from the core top of BC21WP7.
File 14: Genome assembly summary
Water column nutrient, chlorophyll and dissolved organic carbon concentrations and dissolved organic matter characteristics in Roskilde Fjord, Denmark.
Fatty acid Composition in the KOSMOS Experiment Bergen 2015.
Raw multibeam bathymetry data collected around the Candlemas Islands, part of the South Sandwich Islands chain in the Southern Ocean on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_015 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
TOC, TN, and sedimentary d15N and δ¹³C ratios of sediment core SO201-2-85.
Depositional setting, provenance, and tectonic-volcanic setting of Eocene–Recent deep-sea sediments of the oceanic Izu–Bonin forearc, northwest Pacific (IODP Expedition 352)
Meteorological observations by an automated weather station on Atka Bay land-fast sea ice, 2012-07-06 to 2012-08-17.
Review of jellyfish trophic interactions in the Baltic Sea
Absorption coefficient spectra (median) of non-algal particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS93.2.
Annotated record of the detailed examination of Mn deposits from R/V \"Le Suroit\" GEOMANCHE75/1 stations.
Contribution of formulae and elemental ratios of solid phase extracted dissolved organic matter (SPE-DOM) from POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in 2012.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_032 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Histamine and traceability of fish: literature review
LMarsh_Track_Distance_ESM from Geomorphological evidence of large vertebrates interacting with the sea floor at abyssal depths in a region designated for deep-sea mining.
Unverified GLONASS track of R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) in the austral summer of 2016/2017.
Additional file 3 of Exploring genetic resistance to infectious salmon anaemia virus in Atlantic salmon by genome-wide association and RNA sequencing
Effects of Ocean Acidification on the Ballast of Surface Aggregates Sinking through the Twilight Zone: organic and inorganic carbon content.
Chironomids in sediment samples from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-1908-A.
General features of the three main fishing ports of the Galapagos Islands, including a summary of the fishery information analyzed in this study, for each sampling method used.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091025Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Organic matter composition of the water column in mesocosm study (Bergen 2011).
Bait Trials at Ria Formosa Lagoon.
Additional file 2: of Satellite DNA in Paphiopedilum subgenus Parvisepalum as revealed by high-throughput sequencing and fluorescent in situ hybridization
Phenotypical responses of Fucus vesiculosus germlings to warming, acidification, nutrient enrichment and local upwelling under natural fluctuations (July - September 2014) - Temperature and Oxygen during local upwelling.
MOESM2 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
Additional file 13: Table S10. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for heterotrophic Nanoflagellates during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Trans-generational plasticity: Gene expression via Fluidigm chip system on pipefish Syngnathus typhle.
Abundance of copepods from multinet samples during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XX/1, version 1.
(Table 1) Age determination of North Atlantic sediment cores.
Physical oceanography from mooring KPO_1098.
Socio-economic characteristics of survey respondents.
Synergistic effects of ocean acidification and warming on overwintering pteropods in the Arctic.
Underway surface water data during the Tara Oceans expedition in 2009-2012.
Microbiological quality of the fish saw (Scomberomorus brasiliensis) and the ice used for its conservation
(Table 1) Water column biogenic silica concentrations and Si isotopic composition during Marion Dufresne cruise MD166 off South Africa.
Pore water chemistry, grain sizes and sediment temperature of sediment core COAST_C-4.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and mortality, morphology, feeding rate, metabolic rate and activity of twokeystone marine invertebrates.
Video, data from EMSO-Molène observatory, 2016-05-02 to 2016-05-25
X-Ray fluorescence (XRF)-derived Ti/Ca record at IODP Site U1460.
Additional file 2 of Chromosome behavior during meiosis in pollen mother cells from Saccharum officinarum × Erianthus arundinaceus F1 hybrids
Summary of southern summer SST (SSST) estimates derived from radiolarian-based transfer functions from the Epilog Last Glacial Maximum (ELGM) time slice.
(Table 3) Expected core top ages based on published sedimentation rates without and with the influence of bioturbation and the branched and isoprenoid tetraether index in Black Sea sediments.
Stable oxygen isotope and Mg/Ca data of Globigerinoides ruber white, water stable oxygen isotope data, SST and MAT records of sediment core GeoB6211-2.
Ostracoda in permafrost deposits at site Lya_1999_L11+40, Bol'shoy Lyakhovsky Island in 1999.
Data for: Expression of estrogen receptors in female rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) during first ovarian development and under dense rearing condition
Metadata record for: Coastal sea level anomalies and associated trends from Jason satellite altimetry over 2002-2018
(Table 4) Daily mean spectral snow albedo at different wavelengths measured at Neumayer, Antarctica.
Primary production using ¹⁴C method in subtropical gyres regions.
Appendix B. Detailed description for generating dispersal predictors using a distance based eigenvector procedure.
Coccolithophore distribution in the Mediterranean Sea during spring 2011 (M84/3 cruise).
(Table S9) Isotopic composition of IODP Hole 301-U1301B.
Physical oceanography from mooring KPO_1126.
Stable oxygen isotope of benthic foraminifera in MIS 16 of IODP Hole 306-U1313D.
Neodymium isotopes and concentrations from water bottle samples measured during SONNE cruise SO264 along a transect from 7°S, 179°W to 52°N, 168°E (Equatorial and North Pacific).
(Figure 5) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-4-G, 4.27 ka.
SMOS Brightness Temperatures at 40° incidence angle Arctic
Methane of ice core EDML.
Decoded telegrams of surface weather observations in the Southern Ocean on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) in the austral summer of 2016/2017.
The penultimate deglaciation: protocol for PMIP4 transient numerical simulations between 140 and 127 ka, version 1.0
Oxygen isotope ratios measured on benthic foraminifera of IODP Site 306-U1313 (MIS 14-36).
Silicon isotopes data in sponge spicules and radiolarian tests from ODP hole 1051B over the PETM.
(Table 1) Presence of sublittoral macroalgae in the investigated profiles in Potter Cove, King George Island, Antarctica.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and microbial polysaccharide degradation during experiments with phytoplankton Emiliania huxleyi (strain PML B92/11) and natural bacteria community, 2010.
Data from: Evidence for adaptive phenotypic differentiation in Baltic Sea sticklebacks
Additional file 5: of Genetic diversity, connectivity and gene flow along the distribution of the emblematic Atlanto-Mediterranean sponge Petrosia ficiformis (Haplosclerida, Demospongiae)
MOESM6 of Differential basal expression of immune genes confers Crassostrea gigas resistance to Pacific oyster mortality syndrome
Additional file 3: Table S3. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Supplement 1. Raw species-specific data on life-history traits and population growth rate.
Heat flux and energy balance data of an arctic thermokarst lake
Methodological context of all samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
Additional file 7 of Comparison between transcriptomic responses to short-term stress exposures of a common Holarctic and endemic Lake Baikal amphipods
Accumulation rate of firn core DML18C98_04.
Aboveground community and species-specific plant biomass from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2010).
Zn isotope composition in the water column of the Northwestern Pacific Ocean.
Calcium and strontium content of IODP Hole 303-U1305C.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and gene expression levels of the limpet Nacella concinna.
Metadata record for: A macroscopic and stereological imaging dataset of Pleuronectes platessa ovaries
Additional file 5 of Physical mapping of repetitive oligonucleotides facilitates the establishment of a genome map-based karyotype to identify chromosomal variations in peanut
(Table 8) Distribution of ostracode species in surface sediments of the eastern Laptev Sea.
Pollen record and age determiation of sediments from the Labaz Lake area.
Long-term time-series of mesozooplankton biomass in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1995-2000.
(Supplementary Table 3) Phylogenetic affiliation of particle-associated bacterial isolates.
Empirical Evidence Reveals Seasonally Dependent Reduction in Nitrification in Coastal Sediments Subjected to Near Future Ocean Acidification.
Additional file 8 of Identification of long non-coding transcripts with feature selection: a comparative study
Metadata record for: A global database of Holocene paleotemperature records
Mercury in fish and sediment of Purus River, Acre State, Amazon
Argo float data and metadata from Global Data Assembly Centre (Argo GDAC)
Additional file 3: of Hmga2 is necessary for Otx2-dependent exit of embryonic stem cells from the pluripotent ground state
Dissolved methane and hydrochemical parameters in ice cores from April 2017 of a bay, thermokarst lagoon, and thermokarst lake, Bykovsky Peninsula, Lena Delta area.
Spicule measurements of Mycale (M.) grandis.
Interactive effects of genotype x environment on the live weight of GIFT Nile tilapias
Gene expression profiling in gills of the great spider crab Hyas araneus in response to ocean acidification and warming.
Additional file 16: of Microtubule polyglutamylation and acetylation drive microtubule dynamics critical for platelet formation
Soil data at station Bayelva (2020, level 1).
Indices derived from archaeal glycerol dialkyl glycerol tetraether lipids and tetraether-derived sea surface temperature estimates in sediment core MD99-2348 and borehole PRGL1-4.
Infection of Henneguya sp. on the gills of Metynnis lippincottianus from Curiaú River, in eastern Amazon region (Brazil)
Gametogenic cycle of Mesodesma donacium in Hornitos, Chile, 2005.
Spatial distribution patterns of the mega-epibenthos on the continental shelves off the northern Antarctic Peninsula studied from OFOS seabed images taken during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXIX/3 (PS81) 2013.
Stable isotope and Mg/Ca ratio of sediment core GeoB12610-2.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110726Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and net community production and net ecosystem calciﬁcation in tide pools.
Stable isotopes, magnesium/calcium-ratios and sea surface temperature on foraminifera of sediment core MD01-2378.
Sky images recorded during the austral summer of 2016/17 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_696-1.
Ocean bottom seismometer and ocean bottom hydrophone sgy-files of seismic refraction and wide angle data from profiles P01-P46 at TAG hydrothermal field during METEOR cruise M127 with links to data files.
Elemental analysis of the total carbon, total nitrogen and total sulphur on mumiyo deposit DallSW1830 from Dallmann Berge.
Apparent digestibility coefficients for amino acids of feed ingredients in tambaqui (Colossoma macropomum) diets
Appendix D. Nested MANOVA on the effect of seascape, site, and month on mussel recruitment to collectors, and a similar ANOVA on the separated species (Perna canaliculus, Mytilus galloprovincialis, Xenostrobus pulex).
Data and results tables for The costs and benefits of paternal care in fish: a meta-analysis
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_048 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Continuous thermosalinograph oceanography along POLARSTERN cruise track ANT-XVI/2.
(Table 5) Contents of hopanoids and compound specific δ¹³C analysis from METEOR M74/3 in 2007.
High resolution in situ microsensor measurements of oxygen and temperature at a vesicomyid clam colony in the Japan Deep Sea Trench.
Additional file 2: of Exploring the floristic diversity of tropical Africa
Dispersal of alien species in relation to the historic development of hydropower generation and navigation
Additional file 6: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Caspase-1 and IL-1β Processing in a Teleost Fish
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/007 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
δ¹⁸O measurements of seawater samples from Potter Cove, King George Island, Western Antarctic Peninsula.
Abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23071-2.
Under-ice fauna abundance of Arctic pack ice north of Svalbard during the Polarstern expedition PS92 in 2015.
Data for: The geochemical and mineralogical fingerprint of West Antarctica's weak underbelly: Pine Island and Thwaites glaciers
Age determination and sea-surface reconstruction of sediment cores from the Norwegian Sea.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_043 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Black Sea thermohaline properties: Long-term trends and variations
Raw data of SCADCP (self-contained Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) from mooring AWI231-6.
MOESM1 of Comparative genomics reveals a widespread distribution of an exopolysaccharide biosynthesis gene cluster among Vibrionaceae
Radiocarbon age of sediment core GeoB6008-1.
Absolute concentrations of BDGTs and PDGTs in sediments from expeditions M84/1 and POS450.
Coccosphere-units of site GIK23259.
Stable isotopes, magnesium/calcium-ratios and sea water temperature on planktonic foraminifera of sediment core MD01-2378.
Water stable isotope record of ice core Dome Fuji.
(Table 2) Radiometric data of sediment core PG1790, Lake Donggi Cona.
CESTES - a global database for metaCommunity Ecology: Species, Traits, Environment and Space
Currents vectors in the St Martin bay from The Alderney Race: general hydrodynamic and particular features
Additional file 2 of Exploring genetic resistance to infectious salmon anaemia virus in Atlantic salmon by genome-wide association and RNA sequencing
Total organic carbon (TOC) on ground bulk and carbonate-free sediment samples of ODP Hole 151-911A.
Ocean bottom seismometer and ocean bottom hydrophone sgy-files of seismic refraction and wide angle data from profile P02 from RV METEOR cruise M69/2 with links to data files.
Additional file 2: Table S2. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Incubation experiments to examine the production and loss of CH3I in surface seawater.
Additional file 5 of Unveiling protist diversity associated with the Pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas using blocking and excluding primers
New encounters in Arctic waters: a comparison of metabolism and performance of polar cod (Boreogadus saida) and Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua) under ocean acidification and warming.
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML15C98_14.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100410Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2017.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth, production rates, and elemental quotas of Thalassiosira hyalina.
(Figure 5C) Planktic and benthic δ¹⁸O records of sediment core GeoB5844-2.
Abundance of dinoflagellates and ciliates at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2007.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR5_MTB_23.
Cross-system synthesis of consumer and nutrient resource control on producer biomass
Gametogenic cycle of Mesodesma donacium in La Laguna Beach - V Región, Chile, August 1969 to November 1970.
Temperature profile of HATPRO microwave radiometer at AWIPEV, Ny-Ålesund (2017).
Data from: Eco-evolution in size-structured ecosystems: simulation case study of rapid morphological changes in alewife
Additional file 1: of Identification and characterization of karyotype in Passiflora hybrids using FISH and GISH
(Table 4, page 411) Chemical composition of a manganese crust from the Galapagos Spreading Center recovered at DSDP Leg 54 (Hole 424).
Upstream dam impacts on gilded catfish Brachyplatystoma rousseauxii (Siluriformes: Pimelodidae) in the Bolivian Amazon
In situ measurements of freeze/thaw ground displacement in the Lena River Delta, 2013-2017, using fiberglass rods.
Landsat mosaics 2001/2002 and 2009, Central Yakutia, with links to GeoTIFFs.
Additional file 4: of Genetic diversity, connectivity and gene flow along the distribution of the emblematic Atlanto-Mediterranean sponge Petrosia ficiformis (Haplosclerida, Demospongiae)
Additional file 1 of Dual RNAseq highlights the kinetics of skin microbiome and fish host responsiveness to bacterial infection
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR4_MTB_9.
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML14C98_15.
Biomarker distributions in surface sediments from the Kara and Laptev Seas (Arctic Ocean).
Additional file 4: of The crowns have eyes: multiple opsins found in the eyes of the crown-of-thorns starfish Acanthaster planci
Lipid analytic of environmental and cultural samples.
Surface temperature reconstruction using alkenones from sediment core B0406 retreived in the Peru upwelling area.
Microstructure measurements during Akademik Tryoshnikov cruise AT2018 to the Arctic Ocean.
Microstructure measurements during METEOR cruise M106.
Permafrost cores and active layer pits on Herschel Island: link to shape files.
In situ measurements of suspended matter (SM), chlorophyll-a concentration (Chla) and coloured dissolved organic matter absorption coefficient at 443 nm in the Laptev Sea in 2010 and 2011.
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML07C98_31 (B31).
Data from: Study \"Satellite Tracking of Oceanic Loggerhead Turtles in the Mediterranean\"
Additional file 2: of Gene expression profile during proliferation and differentiation of rainbow trout adipocyte precursor cells
Gridded bathymetry from multibeam echosounder EM122 data of the cruise MSM34/2 (2013).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Robustness of Adamussium colbecki shell.
Satellite Tracking of Oceanic Loggerhead Turtles in the Mediterranean
Additional file 8 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
A multi-proxy investigation of sediment core GeoB7165-1 and AMS 14C dating points from sediment cores off Conceptión (~ 36°S).
Quality control and other metadata of French dataset.
Mesozooplankton size data from the fjord branch Kapisigdlit located in the Godthaabsfjord system, West Greenland, 2010.
Appendix J. Predator size probability distributions for each study atoll.
Collecting information and identification of Artemisina (Porifera, Microcionidae).
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Diatoms 20-50 µm during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_777-1.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091214Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O record from Bonaire coral BON-3-E, 6.22 ka.
Chlorophyll pigments and total organic carbon measured during POLARSTERN cruise PS94 (TransArcII) to the Barents Sea and central Arctic.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and crystallographic vital effect of the coral skeleton.
Additional file 1 of SMAD4 haploinsufficiency in small intestinal neuroendocrine tumors
Dome C age scale EDC2 for ice core EDC.
Comparison of methodologies used in the analysis of parameters of blood and total protein of Nile tilapia (“Oreochromis niloticus”)
Water stable isotope record of ice core GRIP (early Holocene).
Investigations on fossil wood from Seymour Island, Antarctica.
Appendix H. A map of stream segments flowing through GAP management status 1 or 2 lands, further broken down by stream size.
Electrical resistivity tomography profiles collected in floating electrode mode from the lagoon's water surface, Profile C-C'.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and enzymatic antioxidant defense, protein repair and removal of temperate shark (Scyliorhinus canicula).
Supplementary Material for: Disassembly of Subplasmalemmal Actin Filaments Induces Cytosolic Ca2+ Increases in Astropecten aranciacus Eggs
Magnetic susceptibility from different Holes of IODP Expedition 354.
Sinking speed of Salps (S. thompsoni).
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments: Davies Reef pH profiles.
Appendix A. Nitrogen excretion estimates by species and stream for the model: log10 (NH4+-N excretion) ~ log10 (wet mass).
Results of a PERMANOVA testing differences in benthic invertebrate and kelp community structure among the Tristan da Cunha Islands.
Diet composition of the Atlantic bluefin tuna (Thunnus thynnus L.) collected in 1998-1999 in the Icelandic Basin.
Rating US reservoirs relative to fish habitat condition
Additional file 11: of Microtubule polyglutamylation and acetylation drive microtubule dynamics critical for platelet formation
Data from: Assessing vertebrate biodiversity in a kelp forest ecosystem using environmental DNA
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100108Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Backward particle trajectories used to estimate the catchment area of sediment traps HG-IV and HG-N deployed in Fram Strait.
Ocean bottom seismometer and ocean bottom hydrophone sgy-files of seismic refraction and wide angle data from profile P03 from METEOR cruise M66/4a with links to data files.
Additional file 7 of DNA methylation atlas and machinery in the developing and regenerating annelid Platynereis dumerilii
README from Quantifying trace element and isotope fluxes at the ocean-sediment boundary: a review
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_739-1.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2012_sel_a_f_02 from Marion Island.
(Table 1) Age determination of composite sediment record LO09-14.
(Table T1-2) Proportion of ferrous and ferric iron in ODP Hole 172-1062A sediments.
Physical oceanography from R/V Maria S. Merian cruise MSM21/1b dives.
Individual codes, GenBank accession numbers and GenBank accession links for Mediterranean sponges.
Additional file 10 of Differential expression of miRNAs in the presence of B chromosome in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia latifasciata
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2010_sel_a_f_03 from Marion Island.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/069-1.
Long-term, high-resolution foraminiferal geochemical records (element/Ca) from IODP Site 359-U1467.
3) (Figure 3) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-12-A, 123.9 ka.
Additional file 8 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Additional file 8: Table S6. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Terrestrial and nearshore apparent resistivity data on the Bykovsky Peninsula in July 2017.
Appendix B. A list of the sources of all parameters used for each trophic group in each mass balance, including primary parameters used in empirical relations as well as input and output parameters used for the mass balance.
Environmental context of selected samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
Fish10K Pilot Project Data
Elemental composition of sediment core M45/5_86.
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1995-1999. Part 3.
(Table 1) Planktonic foraminifera counts and stable oxygen isotope ratios of Pacific Ocean surface sediments.
Scavenger assemblages and carrion consumption rates in estuaries of southeast Queensland, Australia
Additional file 6: of Multilevel comparative bioinformatics to investigate evolutionary relationships and specificities in gene annotations: an example for tomato and grapevine
Seawater carbonate chemistry, calcification and respiration of Mediterranean Cold-Water Corals in a laboratory experiment.
Radionuclides, Nd isotopes and biogenic Opal in Atlanic Ocean sediments.
Atmospheric profiling data collected from radiosondes in the Southern Ocean in the austral summer of 2016/2017 during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
Radionuclides measured on 37 water bottle profiles during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2.
Organic geochemistry on surface sediments from the Laptev Sea.
Gridded EM122 multibeam-echosounder bathymetry of cruise M111.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/177.
A taxonomically harmonized and temporally standardized fossil pollen data from Siberia covering the last 40 ka: pollen percentages.
Soil organic carbon (SOC) and sediment contents and fluxes for terrain units along the Yukon Coastal Plain, Canada, including corrections for volumetric ground ice contents.
Metadata and NCBI-Accession numbers of 16S data for seawater, sediment, biofilm, and Vazella pourtalesii sponges from the Scotian Shelf (Canada) in summer 2016 and 2017.
Model output of manganese concentrations from a global ocean circulation model, link to files in NetCDF format.
Composite 200-year record of δ¹⁸O and accumulations rates of ice cores from Dronning Maud Land.
Model results of orbital forcing and solar activity during the Holocene in NetCDF format.
functions_for_simulation.R from To adapt or go extinct? The fate of megafaunal palm fruits under past global change.
Immobilisation dose rates for Crabeater seals during expedition DRE1998.
Stable carbon and oxygen ratios of Globigerina bulloides from sediment core MD95-2042 on the Iberian margin, North Atlantic.
Raw bottom track error velocity and range data from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profilers in the Laptev Sea between 2013 and 2015.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Patella caerulea gross calcification during experiments, 2011.
Adult acclimation to combined temperature and pH stressors significantly enhances reproductive outcomes compared to short-term exposures.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100624Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 9 of Integrative microRNAome analysis of skeletal muscle of Colossoma macropomum (tambaqui), Piaractus mesopotamicus (pacu), and the hybrid tambacu, based on next-generation sequencing data
Small Changes in pH Have Direct Effects on Marine Bacterial Community Composition: A Microcosm Approach
Daily sea ice lead data for Arctic and Antarctic.
CCDC 755506: Experimental Crystal Structure Determination
(Exp. 6) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Supplement 1. JAGS code used in the stable-isotope mixing model.
Additional file 13: of Hologenome analysis of two marine sponges with different microbiomes
Sedimentary parameters from multicorer and ROV pushcore samples during SONNE cruise SO239.
Sediment elemental data (XRF) of sediment core GeoB19905-1.
Coastal erosion and accretion areas along the Beaufort Sea and Laptev Sea Coasts based on Landsat 1999 - 2014
Appendix A. Locations and numbers of replicate panels sampled at each site in each region.
Experiment: Elevated CO2 levels affect the activity of nitrate reductase and carbonic anhydrase in the calcifying rhodophyte Corallina officinalis.
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P5_205_PAMARCMIP_2017_1703301101, Version 1.
(Table 2) Annual mass fluxes, 230Th composition and organic geochemistry of sediment trap samples in the South Altantic.
Radiocarbon age of sediment core GeoB7608-1.
EPICA Dronning Maud Land EDML ice core drilling protocol.
Appendix C. Adjusted redundancy statistic and variation partitioning in redundancy analysis.
Additional file 5 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172029.
Physical oceanography from glider mission IFM03_depl11.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and mesozooplankton abundances of KOSMOS 2014 mesocosm study.
Static GPS measurements in the vicinity of the EDML deep-drilling site.
(Table 2) Major and trace elements in black smoker particulates.
Phytoplankton abundance at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2010.
Global distributions of diazotrophs abundance and biomass - Depth integrated values computed from a collection of source datasets - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
MOESM4 of Is geographical variation driving the transcriptomic responses to multiple stressors in the kelp Saccharina latissima?
Geomorphological characteristics, percentage cover of live coral, mound and live coral delineation and predictive map of likelihood of live coral at the Mingulay Reef Complex coral.
Age models of sediment cores GeoB7920-2 and GeoB9535-4.
Appendix A. References to the source data used to construct the intercalibrated diatom data set.
Response of Nodularia spumigena to pCO2 - Part 3: Turnover of phosphorus compounds.
(Table 3) Age determination of sediment core GeoB6728-1.
Simulations of millennial-scale climate variability influence on Northern Hemisphere ice sheet mean state.
Distribution of marine litter at bathyal and abyssal depths at the Catalan margin. By-catch of various trawl catches during the expedition PROMETEO 3 on the research vessel Garcia del Cid.
Plant height along the plant diversity gradient in the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2008).
AMS radiocarbon (14C) dates obtained from cold-water coral fragments collected from coral mounds of the Belgica coral mound province.
Silicon isotopes of sediment core GeoB2107-3.
Additional file 7: of GC bias lead to increased small amino acids and random coils of proteins in cold-water fishes
Crustaceans and fish abundances and species at and around artificially introduced tetrapod fields in the southern North Sea, 2010-2011.
15. Benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes from sediment core GeoB3938-1.
(Table 1) Collection site, type and preservation of Antipathella subpinnata samples in the Azores.
Physical oceanography from underway CTD measurements during the Transdrift 21-expedition to the Laptev Sea in 2013.
Temporal distribution and early development of Moenkausia cf. gracilima (Lucena & Soares, 2016) (Osteichthyes, Characidae) in the upper Paraná River, Brazil
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/178.
Particulate Neodymium Isotopes and Concentrations in the Western North Atlantic.
Data from: The molecular evolution of spiggin nesting glue in sticklebacks
File 8: Cyanobacteria tree file
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_027 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Fractional abundance and indices for brGDGTs and crenarchaeol in dust samples, surface water samples and surface sediment samples.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and processes during experiments with Emiliania huxleyi (2005 Bergen) and Coccolithus braarudii (RCC 1200), 2010.
Appendix A. A description of the different logger types fitted to penguins.
TEXL86-based oceanic temperatures in sediment core MD03-2601.
Evolution of extreme stomach pH in bilateria inferred from gastric alkalization mechanisms in basal deuterostomes.
(Table S2) Carbon isotope records of sediment cores from the Chilean margin.
Raw multibeam bathymetry data collected around the Mertz glacier, East Antarcica on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Table S3 from Targeted metagenomic recovery of four divergent viruses reveals shared and distinctive characteristics of giant viruses of marine eukaryotes.
Additional file 2 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
Seawater carbonate chemistry and CO2 acquisition efficiency and mitochondrial respiration in a coastal diatom.
Biogeochemical characterization of pennate diatom and Melosira arctica ice algal aggregates in the Central Arctic Ocean collected in summer 2011 and 2012.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and physiological responses of coral recruits.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_046 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site OuterShelf-0809 in the Laptev Sea.
Autonomous recording current meter measurements at the Håkon Mosby mud volcano (LOOME).
Pore water geochemistry of arctic deep sea sediments measured at station MSM16/2_809-1 (Sample 16,Reference).
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_082.
(Table 1) Water column silicic acid concentrations and Si isotopic composition during Marion Dufresne cruise MD166 off South Africa.
A global marine particulate organic carbon-13 isotope data product.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_020 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Mesozooplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2005-2006.
Helicopter-borne sea ice thickness measurements in the Storfjord, Spitsbergen from flight HEM_STJ06_01.
The influence of ocean acidification on nitrogen regeneration and nitrous oxide production in the northwest European shelf sea.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth rate during experiments with dinoflagellates, 2007.
Sea surface temperatures and Biomarker abundance in the 1-3.5 Ma section of IODP Hole Site 306-U1313.
(Table S1) Chronology of sediment core GeoB10065-9, sedimentation and accumulation rates.
Stomach content of Sprattus sprattus during HEINCKE cruise HE182.
Additional file 4 of Transcriptome and proteome analysis of Pinctada margaritifera calcifying mantle and shell: focus on biomineralization
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_450-2.
Appendix B. Fish species censused in the experimental areas.
Land cover classification of polygonal tundra from small-format aerial photography, Samoylov Island (Lena Delta, Siberia), summer 2008, with link to ESRI grid files.
Temperature, oxygen and hydrogen sulphide measurements at chimney wall with alvinocarid shrimp during ROV dive M60/3-29.
Major Cellular and Physiological Impacts of Ocean Acidification on a Reef Building Coral
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/236-1.
Model results, link to archive file.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Additional file 2 of Genome evolution during bread wheat formation unveiled by the distribution dynamics of SSR sequences on chromosomes using FISH
Cell counts (CFUs) and survival rate of cells using the initial modified FFF protocol (compared to control) after each protocol step.
Dissolved organic matter in the Lena River Delta Region, Siberia, Russia.
Additional file 1 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Global ice sheet reconstruction for the past 80000 years.
Survey bottom trawl data of Micromesistius poutassou (blue whiting) in Bay of Biscay and Celtic Sea from the EVHOE time series (1997-2011).
Seasonal dynamics in the chemical defence of eelgrass against microfoulers.
Additional file 2: of Rab32 and Rab38 genes in chordate pigmentation: an evolutionary perspective
Mesozooplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1995-2000.
Additional file 4: of Resolving Cypriniformes relationships using an anchored enrichment approach
Body length, dry mass, carbon, nitrogen, lipid, and protein of Euphausia superba, larvae, furcilia I.
Accumulation rate of firn core DML16C98_13.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/068-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and eggs, larvae and hatching success of Gadus morhua during experiments (Experiment 1), 2012.
(Table 4) Annual fluxes, percentages of total mass and most important elemental ratios at the PF and BO sites.
Appendix A. A table detailing the hierarchical framework with defining physical and biological features used for classifying and mapping riverine ecosystems.
Chlorophyll a measured on water bottle samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2.
Additional file 10 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
Snow thickness at Ice Camp 1 on 2013-09-01 (SnowTh_DiveHole_IceStation1).
Plant height along the plant diversity gradient in the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2004).
Additional file 5: Figure S4. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Hydrological changes during the penultimate deglaciation and Last interglacial
Accumulation rate of firn core DML03C98_09.
Data from: Targeted sequence capture and resequencing implies a predominant role of regulatory regions in the divergence of a sympatric lake whitefish species pair (Coregonus clupeaformis)
EMSO-Ligure Ouest observatory data (mooring ALBATROSS)
Coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23071-3.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20090905Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Data for: Temperature effects on egg development and larval condition in the lesser sandeel, Ammodytes marinus
Intercalibrated dataset of in situ dissolved organic matter fluorescence from ice tethered profile 65 in the Central Arctic (2012-2013).
(Exp. 15) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110716Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 2 of DNA methylation atlas and machinery in the developing and regenerating annelid Platynereis dumerilii
Spatial distribution of key zooplankton species using continuous plankton recorder (CPR) data from the North Atlantic (2000-2009).
Appendix B. Eight tables presenting proxy diversity estimates, data and model characteristics, and statistical results.
Snow thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-18 (SnowTh_DiveHole_IceStation2).
Database of Antarctic snow isotopic composition.
(Table 1) Radiocarbon age of sediment core GeoB7608-1.
KOSMOS 2014 mesocosm study: Respiratory metabolism of microplankton.
DBCP drifting buoys DAC data processing chain, version 1.0
Cuttlebone morphometry measurements.
Landsat subpixel water cover of Lena River Delta, Siberia, with link to ESRI grid files.
Additional file 6 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Additional file 7: Table S6. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Random Forest confusion matrix from Migratory insights from singing humpback whales recorded around central New Zealand
Iron assimilation by the clam Laternula elliptica from Potter Cove, King Georg Island, Antarctica.
Background data: Untangling the effects of multiple human stressors and their impacts on fish assemblages in European running waters
(Table 3) Stable isotope data from the analysis of fish bones and the calculated salinity range in IODP Exp302.
Additional file 1 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Additional file 6: of Exploring the floristic diversity of tropical Africa
Metadata record for: High spatial resolution global ocean metagenomes from Bio-GO-SHIP repeat hydrography transects
Additional file 10 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/140-1.
File 7: Cyanobacteria alignment file
Raman spectra obtained at different skeletal region of the tropical coral Porites sp.
Accumulation rate of firn core DML05C98_07.
Additional file 3 of Genome evolution during bread wheat formation unveiled by the distribution dynamics of SSR sequences on chromosomes using FISH
GTN-P global mean annual ground temperature data for permafrost near the depth of zero annual amplitude (2007-2016).
Volume suceptibility of sediment core PS2138-1, eastern Arctic Ocean.
(Table 1) Arctic radiocarbon dates from sediment core PS1230-1.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2008_sel_a_f_17 from Marion Island.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and coccolith calcite mass of Emiliania huxleyi.
Oxygen isotope of planktic foraminifera Globigerina bulloides from IODP Site 339-U1385.
Spicule measurements of Gelliodes wilsoni.
Appendix C. Alternative statistical models list and fitting procedure.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD97-2141.
Reconstructed main atmospheric circulation modes during winter in the North Atlantic region covering 1241-1970 CE, based on Greenland ice cores and an isotope enabled climate model simulation.
Sensitivity to ocean acidification parallels natural pCO2 gradients experienced by Arctic copepods under winter sea ice.
Hydrographical time series data of the littoral zone of Kongsfjorden, Svalbard 2019.
Additional file 6: of Satellite DNA in Paphiopedilum subgenus Parvisepalum as revealed by high-throughput sequencing and fluorescent in situ hybridization
Raw data of continuous VM-ADCP (vessel-mounted Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) profile during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Sedimentology on surface samples from the Amundsen and Bellingshausen Seas.
Unbaited underwater video for observing and monitoring fish communities and habitats in temperate and coral reef ecosystems
Additional file 3 of Identification of long non-coding transcripts with feature selection: a comparative study
(Exp. 16) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
MOESM5 of Using a vector pool containing variable-strength promoters to optimize protein production in Yarrowia lipolytica
Ostracods in permafrost deposits from the Bykovsky Peninsula 1998/1999.
Water stable isotopes (dD, d18O) from EPICA Dome C ice core (Antarctica) (0-800 ka).
Additional file 4 of Transcriptome and proteome analysis of Pinctada margaritifera calcifying mantle and shell: focus on biomineralization
Otolith microstructure analysis on Sprattus sprattus trawled during ALKOR cruise AL244.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes of Emiliania huxleyi (PML B92/11) during experiments, 2011.
One-minute average horizontal wind velocity data (which has been corrected for air-flow distortion) from the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) 2016/2017 legs 0 to 4.
(Figure 2) Diatom relative abundance of sediment core PS58/254-1.
Table of microsatellite genotypes from Adaptive capabilities and fitness consequences associated with pollution exposure in fish
Appendix B. A movie of particle tracking results from 42 turtle nesting sites showing 1-yr-long drift scenarios for hatchlings.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and bioenergetics of developing eggs of Atlantic herring Clupea harengus.
Pore water chemistry, grain sizes and sediment temperature of sediment core COAST_C-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and physiology and toxicity of dinoflagellate Karenia mikimotoi.
Additional file 4: of Daphnia galeata responds to the exposure to an ichthyosporean gut parasite by down-regulation of immunity and lipid metabolism
Biogeochemistry of Mesocosms during METEOR cruise M80/2.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172027.
Environmental stability affects phenotypic evolution in a globally distributed marine picoplankton.
Files of figures 2, 3 and table.
Accumulation rate of firn core DML19C98_05.
Ocean Acidification Affects Redox-Balance and Ion-Homeostasis in the Life-Cycle Stages of Emiliania huxleyi.
C37:4 data from IODP Site 339-U1385.
Processed charcoal records from sediment core JC11-K5, Lake Czechowskie, N Poland.
Experiment: Growth rates and percentages of normal versus malformed versus incomplete versus incomplete and malformed coccoliths.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_010 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_665-1.
Data from: Multiple predator species alter prey behavior, population growth and a trophic cascade in a model estuarine food web
Landings of European lobster (Homarus gammarus) and edible crab (Cancer pagurus) in 2010, Helgoland, North Sea.
Metadata record for: Liver transcriptome resources of four commercially exploited teleost species
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O record from Bonaire coral BON-7-A, 3.79 ka.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/186.
Parameters of antimicrofouler defence after different heat wave regimes in eelgrass Zostera marina.
Pre-stack depth and time migrated ocean bottom hydrophone data of the young Juan de Fuca Plate during SONNE cruise SO111.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_049 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Growth measurements from corals in an ocean-based nursery experiment near Sambangan Island, Indonesia, 2003-2004.
Abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23071-3.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth rate of three phytoplankton species in response to ocean acidification.
Geochemistry at BIGO station M107_617-1 on given timesteps.
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1984-1991. Part 3.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2005.
Data from: Great cormorants reveal overlooked secondary dispersal of plants and invertebrates by piscivorous waterbirds
Monthly Bonaire coral Sr/Ca and oxygen isotope data from 118 kyr ago (coral BON-5-D).
Additional file 1: of Characterization of the bacterial communities on recent Icelandic volcanic deposits of different ages
(Table 1) Average measurements for the 15 and 4 °C treatment over the whole incubation period.
Additional file 3 of Gonadal transcriptomes associated with sex phenotypes provide potential male and female candidate genes of sex determination or early differentiation in Crassostrea gigas, a sequential hermaphrodite mollusc
Additional file 10 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
The Lena River Delta - Land cover classification of tundra environments based on Landsat 7 ETM+ data and its application for upscaling of methane emissions.
MOESM1 of Distinct immune responses of juvenile and adult oysters (Crassostrea gigas) to viral and bacterial infections
Laboratory experiments for investigating permeability of gas hydrate bearing sands.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Anabar-0708 in the Laptev Sea.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/024-3.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and herbivory rates of Lacuna vincta grazing on Ulva rigida.
Uranium-series (calculated) ages obtained from cold-water coral fragments collected from coral mounds of the Belgica coral mound province.
Sedimentation rate of sediment core PS1243-1.
Multibeam bathymetry processed data (EM 1002 echosounder entire dataset, MB-System data format) of RV MARIA S. MERIAN during cruise MSM24.
Neogene sharks and rays from the Brazilian ‘Blue Amazon’
EDC dust flux 800 kyr (full resolution).
(Table S1) Age determination of sediment cores SK99_17 and MD76-131.
Bayesian State-Space Modelling of Conventional Acoustic Tracking Provides Accurate Descriptors of Home Range Behavior in a Small-Bodied Coastal Fish Species
Additional file 5: of RNA-Seq in Mytilus galloprovincialis: comparative transcriptomics and expression profiles among different tissues
Seawater carbonate chemistry and gross photosynthesis, respiration, calcification of coralline algae.
Thorium isotopes in the water column at station PS94/050.
Table S2 from Bluetongue virus spread in Europe is a consequence of climatic, landscape and vertebrate host factors as revealed by phylogeographic inference.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and mussel attachment.
Stable isotope record and lithic fragments distribution in sediments of MIS9-14 of the North Atlantic.
METEOR cruise M112 raw data of EM122 multibeam echosounder (bathymetry, beam time series & water column) including SVPs.
Diversity of ocean acidification effects on marine N2 fixers.
Pore water chloride concentrations of sediment core GMMB01.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/026-2.
Temperature monitoring in the Thai Andaman Sea coral reefs from 2009-11 to 2010-04 - Tachai West.
Supplementary Material for: Development and Mapping of CL-Repeat Display Markers on the Maize B Chromosome
Stomach content records for pelagic fish (herring, mackerel, blue whiting, albacore and bluefin tuna) in the northeast Atlantic.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110220Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Data for: Hudson River juvenile Blueback herring avoid consuming microplastics
Impact of ocean acidification and warming on the Mediterranean mussel (Mytilus galloprovincialis).
Results of the classification performed with conditional trees for sole.
Global distributions of diazotrophs nitrogen fixation rates - Depth integrated values computed from a collection of source datasets - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
Physical oceanography and current meter data from various moorings from the North Greenland Sea, list of links to datasets.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091004Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Pore-water analyses of permafrost deposits from Byk_98_Mkh-1.6.1 (Bykovsky Peninsula in 1998).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and species composition, sinking rate of coastal phytoplankton assemblage.
Appendix A. Experimental design.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, calcification and organic matter of Mediterranean red coral (Corallium rubrum) in a laboratory experiment.
Colored dissolved organic matter (CDOM) measured during cruise TRANSDRIFT-XVII, Laptev Sea.
Additional file 4 of Comparative genomic analysis of Flavobacteriaceae: insights into carbohydrate metabolism, gliding motility and secondary metabolite biosynthesis
Data from: Karyotype analysis of Panax ginseng C.A. Meyer, 1843 (Araliaceae) based on rDNA loci and DAPI band distribution
Planktic foraminiferal flux of sediment trap G_trap.
Additional file 7 of Exploring genetic resistance to infectious salmon anaemia virus in Atlantic salmon by genome-wide association and RNA sequencing
Collective States, Multistability and Transitional Behavior in Schooling Fish
Laser ablation data of benthic foraminifera from surface sediments collected from the muddy intertidal flats near Dorum, Northwestern Germany in Autumn 2008.
Forward-modelled reflectance from spring and summer Baltic Sea specific inherent optical properties
Additional file 3: Table S3. of On the genome base composition of teleosts: the effect of environment and lifestyle
Estimation of sea surface temperatures and salinity of ODP Site 177-1089 (Appendix A).
Assemblage of living benthic foraminifera in sediment profile GeoB4901-6.
Additional file 6: of Genome sequence and effectorome of Moniliophthora perniciosa and Moniliophthora roreri subpopulations
Additional file 12 of Niche partitioning in the Rimicaris exoculata holobiont: the case of the first symbiotic Zetaproteobacteria
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Diatoms (average) during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Baseline surface radiation during the International Polar Year 2007-2009.
Authigenic neodymium isotope data from ODP site 108-659 since the last glacial.
Planktic foraminiferal flux of sediment trap MW_trap.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth rate, particulate organic (POC) and inorganic (PIC) carbon quotas of the coccolithophorid Emiliania huxleyi.
Appendix A. Location of study sites, inside Medes Islands protected area, northeast Spain, and northwest Mediterranean Sea.
(Table 2) Lithic grains in IODP Hole 307-U1317E sediments.
Deep-Ocean dissolved organic matter in hydrothermal vents.
(Exp. 1) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/102-2.
Polonium-210 and Lead-210 activities measured on 17 water bottle profiles and 50 surface water samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2.
Additional file 6: of Thermal regime and host clade, rather than geography, drive Symbiodinium and bacterial assemblages in the scleractinian coral Pocillopora damicornis sensu lato
Additional file 3: Table S3. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Upward looking videos recorded with an ROV under sea ice at station PS80/224-1.
Metadata record for: Sounding out life in the deep using acoustic data from ships of opportunity
Br, Na and ssNa ICPMS concentrations during the deglaciation (10.9-17.7 kyr b2015) of RECAP ice core.
Plant microremains found in dental calculus samples by LM.
Denitrification rates and nitrate storage of benthic foraminifera of M77/1_449-1.
Observed and modeled diazotroph nifH abundances in the global ocean.
File 1: FACS plots
8. Last Interglacial Al/Si log-ratio data from sediment core GeoB9516-5.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth response of calcifying marine epibionts.
Supplementary table 1 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) Ca intensity of sediment core MD04-2788.
The effect of nitrate and phosphate availability on Emiliania huxleyi(NZEH) physiology under different CO2 scenarios.
Zooplankton data from UVP measurements during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM22 and METEOR cruises M97, M105 and M106.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_028 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172023.
Supplementary File – Table S5. Summary of sex chromosomes records in Teleostei based on genomic and cytogenetic evidence. Cases of multiple sex chromosomes are highlighted. from Multiple sex chromosomes in teleost fishes from a cytogenetic perspective: state of the art and future challenges
(Fig. 3) Planktonic foraminifer stable isotope records of sediment core MD95-2040.
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments: Pigment concentration.
Coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23071-2.
Additional file 7: Table S5. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Appendix A. The role of intraspecific aggregation and geographical distance in producing observed diversity patterns.
New tie points between LR04 and IODP Site 306-U1313 on the amcd depth scale.
Phytoplankton pigment concentration measured by HPLC during POLARSTERN cruise PS93.2.
Supplementary table 2 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Seawater carbonate chemistry and behaviour of coral reef fishes.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth, net photosynthesis, pigments, stable isotopes of macroalgae Lomentaria australis and Craspedocarpus ramentaceus.
In situ high spectral resolution inherent and apparent optical property data from diverse aquatic environments.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0124-1.
CESM1.2 atmospheric surface fields for pre-industrial Southern Ocean hosing experiments.
Elemental analysis of the total carbon, total nitrogen and total sulphur on mumiyo deposit PRM8 from Petermann Range.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and copepod reproduction.
Antarctic time series of temperature, precipitation, and stable isotopes in precipitation from the ECHAM5/MPI-OM-wiso past1000 climate model simulation
Additional file 5: Table S5. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
(Exp. 18) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_052 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 10: Table S8. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Denitrification rates and nitrate storage of benthic foraminifera of M77/1_459-1.
Additional file 10: Figure S5. of Karyotype differentiation in 19 species of river loach fishes (Nemacheilidae, Teleostei): extensive variability associated with rDNA and heterochromatin distribution and its phylogenetic and ecological interpretation
SANITARY HYGIENIC QUALITY OF TAMBAQUI (Colossoma macropomum) MARKETED IN THE CITY OF SÃO LUÍS - MA
Intermediate data products for: Moored Turbulence Measurements using Pulse-Coherent Doppler Sonar (Zippel et al. 2021, Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Technology)
Hydrographic and current velocity data (CTD and LADCP) around the Formigas seamount during the MEDWAVES (September 2016).
Gridded Melt Pond Cover Fraction on Arctic Sea Ice derived from TERRA-MODIS 8-day composite Reflectance Data bias corrected Version 02
Relative abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23071-2.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20090926Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Hydrothermal fluid flow modelling in homogeneous and stratified sedimentary basin.
Model - data comparison of western African rainfall evolutions during the Last Interglacial (130-115 ka).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes during experiments with four species of marine diatoms.
Megafauna of the German exploration license area for seafloor massive sulfides along the Central and South East Indian Ridge (Indian Ocean).
Appendix F. Effects of pinfish density on grazer feeding.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2010.
Additional file 7 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Nitrous oxide production rates in the eastern tropical South Pacific during METEOR cruise M138.
Assemblage of living benthic foraminifera in sediment profile GeoB4909-4.
(Table S1) Volcanic Synthesis EDML-EDC.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0074-1.
Meiofauna abundances from multicorer samples during SONNE cruise SO239.
Comparison of the heterochromatin and telomeric sequences distribuition in chromosomes of 11 species of Amazonian marsupials (Didelphimorphia; Didelphidae)
MOESM9 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
Neodymium isotopic characterization of Ross Sea Bottom Water and its advection through the southern South Pacific, POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXVI/2.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2013_sel_a_f_03 from Marion Island.
Effect of acidification on an Arctic phytoplankton community from Disko Bay, West Greenland.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification, survival, concentrations of Symbiodiniaceae, chlorophyll a and protein of Caribbean corals.
Supplemental Material for Humble et al., 2020
Inorganic nutrients measured on water bottle samples during POLARSTERN cruise PS94 (ARK-XXIX/3).
Supplementary Material for: Karyological Characterization of the Endemic Iberian Rock Lizard, Iberolacerta monticola (Squamata, Lacertidae): Insights into Sex Chromosome Evolution
Appendix B. Results of regression analyses testing for relationships between mean effect size and experimental duration.
Assemblies
No detectable effect of CO2 on elemental stoichiometry of Emiliania huxleyi in nutrient-limited, acclimated continuous cultures.
(Table 1) Physiochemical parameters for each station sampled.
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 1 on 2013-09-07 (GEM2IceTh_ROVgrid_IceStation1).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification physiology of coralline algae.
Circumpolar digital elevation models > 55° N with links to geotiff images.
Leached contents of different Manganese and Iron mineral phases for sediment cores taken during SONNE cruise SO239 in the Clarion-Clipperton Zone (CCZ).
Biogeographic variability in the physiological response of the cold-water coral Lophelia pertusa to ocean acidification.
Additional file 11: Figure S3. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Data for: Advancing Santorini’s tephrostratigraphy: new glass geochemical data and improved marine-terrestrial tephra correlations for the past ~360 kyrs
Total reflectance of sediment core MD03-2621.
Pre-glacial to glacial sediment thickness grids for the Southern Pacific Margin of West Antarctica, NetCDF files.
Surface elevation, hydrostatic ice thickness and basal mass balance of the Roi Baudouin Ice Shelf, East Antarctica, link to GeoTIFFs.
Short-term changes in air humidity and water availability weakly constrain thermoregulation in a dry-skinned ectotherm
Temperature monitoring in the Thai Andaman Sea coral reefs from 2010-03 to 2010-12 - Surin East.
(Figure 5) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-0-A, 2009 AD.
Supplementary table 3 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Additional file 13 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Additional file 6: Figure S1-a. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Spectral solar cloud top radiance measured by airborne spectral imaging (AISA Eagle) during the ACLOUD campaign in 2017.
Clearence rates by Calanus finmarchicus and Calanus helgolandicus determined experimentally.
Appendix D. Predictions of the reliance of focal predators on source habitats derived using Bayesian isotope mixing models parameterized with different fractionation values.
Additional file 3: of A-to-I editing of Malacoherpesviridae RNAs supports the antiviral role of ADAR1 in mollusks
Ground-ice stable isotope data from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-2008-A.
(Table 2) Astronomical age constraints for magnetic polarity reversals in IODP Site 306-U1314.
Supplement 1. Cell-specific bacterial production and respiration data.
Diatoms in sediment samples from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-1908-A.
Shapefile of the survey tracks of 'Mosaic 02' at the Regab pockmark (Northern Congo Fan).
Stable oxygen isotope ratios of Globigerina bulloides from IODP Hole 303-U1302A.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and carbon and oxygen isotopes during experiments with planktonic foraminifera Orbulina universa and Globigerina bulloides, 1997.
Data from: Population genomics of local adaptation versus speciation in coral reef fishes (Hypoplectrus spp, Serranidae)
Additional file 11 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
Raw multibeam EM122 data: transits of METEOR cruise M133 (South Atlantic).
Experiment: Organic matter exudation by Emiliania huxleyi under simulated future ocean conditions.
Longitudinal demographic study of wild populations of African annual killifish
Arctic polynya regions: Daily polynya area and ice production for 2002/2003 to 2017/2018.
Biomass of dinoflagellates and ciliates at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2008.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2013.
Results of the ice sheet model initialisation experiments initMIP-Greenland: an ISMIP6 intercomparison
MOESM2 of Scrutinizing the triad of Vibrio tapetis, the skin barrier and pigmentation as determining factors in the development of skin ulcerations in wild common dab (Limanda limanda)
4. Last Interglacial age model from sediment core GeoB9506-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Cladocora caespitosa gross calcification during experiments, 2011.
Coccosphere-units of hydrographic station M26/2_478-1.
Sea surface temperatures and Biomarker abundance in the 0-1 Ma section of IODP Hole Site 306-U1313.
Multibeam bathymetry gridded data from SONNE cruise SO252.
(Table EA1) TOC radiocarbon and stable carbon isotopic data for stations without compound-specific radiocarbon data.
Exemplary FOFS output data of experiments on simultaneous recording of filtration and respiration in marine organisms.
Principles of ammonia excretion in mussels.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR4_MTB_12.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/024-1.
(Tables 1, 3) Details of Agassiz trawl stations and numbers of specimens per macro- and megazoobenthic taxon collected during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXII/3 (ANDEEP III).
(Table 1) Match points representing synchronous events in the NGRIP, GRIP, and GISP2 ice cores.
Additional file 6: of Metagenome-assembled genomes uncover a global brackish microbiome
Long-term mean annual ground temperature data for permafrost.
Assimilation of global total chlorophyll OC-CCI data from 2008 and 2009 to MITgcm-REcoM, links to simulation results in NetCDF format.
Physical oceanography from glider mission ifm08_depl05 (old version).
Phosphate and total NO3+NO2 of sediment core M92_0220-1 after freeze/thaw experiments.
Radiocarbon dates of sediment core M45/5_90.
Effect of elevated CO2 on organic matter pools and fluxes in a summer Baltic Sea plankton community.
Pore water geochemistry of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station PS74/169-1_PUC-15 (Sample 1, new flow surface).
Hourly meteorology and snow height at Samoylov met-station (2012-08-01 - 2013-06-30).
Supplementary 4 from Genetics redraws pelagic biogeography of Calanus
Raw multibeam EM122 data: transits of Maria S. Merian cruise MSM74 (Atlantic).
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/009-8.
(Table 1) U and Th isotopic composition and 230Th ages of samples from the A1 and C1 corals of Legare Anchorage.
Additional file 13: Tables S10. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Raman and FTIR spectra of larval bivalve shells.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091011Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 5 of Transcriptome and proteome analysis of Pinctada margaritifera calcifying mantle and shell: focus on biomineralization
21. Last Interglacial Al/Si log-ratio data from sediment core GeoB1028-5.
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_035.
Appendix A. Description of Moorea’s lagoon, details of the biotic and abiotic attributes of the reefscape, details of sampling sites, and position of sampling sites.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification, respiration, and photosynthesis of the widespread diatom‐bearing LBF Operculina ammonoides.
Specific RubisCO activities of yet uncultured Proteobacteria depending on flanking genes.
Additional file 7 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Standard deviation of absorption coefficient spectra of non-algal particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
Bathymetry measured near Pine Island Glacier during POLARSTERN cruise PS104, link to GeoTIFF.
Beryllium-10 concentration in the EPICA Dome C core between 2384.36 and 2626.25 m deep (269-355 ka on the EDC3 age scale).
Dinoflagellate cyst assemblages of IODP Hole 303-U1313.
Marine20 - the marine radiocarbon age calibration curve (0 - 55,000 cal BP), simulated data for IntCal20.
Additional file 2 of Genomic variation among closely related Vibrio alginolyticus strains is located on mobile genetic elements
(Supplementary Table) Major ion composition of different ground ice types on Herschel Island.
MOESM2 of Comparative genomics reveals a widespread distribution of an exopolysaccharide biosynthesis gene cluster among Vibrionaceae
Table S6. Past Himalayan erosion from Bengal Fan: Sr-Nd and 10Be data from river sediment used for the fG and K(t) computation.
MOESM10 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
Daily means of horizontal currents measurements on the Namibian shelf at 18°S.
Biomass of dinoflagellates and ciliates at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2009.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR6_MTB_33.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20120314Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Species richness by taxa and regions of the Mediterranean Sea.
Additional file 5: Figure S2. of Transcription analysis of neonicotinoid resistance in Mediterranean (MED) populations of B. tabaci reveal novel cytochrome P450s, but no nAChR mutations associated with the phenotype
Experiment: Dissecting the impact of CO2 and pH on the mechanisms of photosynthesis and calcification in the coccolithophore Emiliania huxleyi.
Supplementary figure 1: Illustration of the process of generating scallop shell outline coordinates for the geometric morphometrics analysis. From left to right: scaled digital photograph, isolated shell outline, and 1000 pseudo-landmarks placed along the shell perimeter from RAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate: implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
(Table 1) Gas tie points used to correlate the ice cores NGRIP and EDML.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0201-1.
Raw data of SCADCP (self-contained Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) from mooring AWI229-6.
Redundancy among environmental quality metrics of streams in an agricultural landscape
Additional file 3: of The crowns have eyes: multiple opsins found in the eyes of the crown-of-thorns starfish Acanthaster planci
Impact of seawater carbonate chemistry on the calcification of marine bivalves.
Additional file 1: of Surveying alignment-free features for Ortholog detection in related yeast proteomes by using supervised big data classifiers
230Th global thorium database.
Radium 228 and Radium 226 in surface water of the Kara Sea and Laptev Sea.
Time lapse camera pictures at Samoylov, LTO, 2002-2017.
Acidification, not carbonation, is the major regulator of carbon fluxes in the coccolithophore Emiliania huxleyi.
Simulated Methyl iodide emission and concentration using the ocean biogeochemistry model MPIOM/HAMOCC forced by OMIP data.
Hydrographical time series data of the littoral zone of Kongsfjorden, Svalbard 2012.
Appendix B. Details of hydrodynamic measurements and analyses, and figures illustrating hydrodynamic time-series data and spectral analysis.
Snow and ice thickness from airborne electromagnetic (EM) induction sounding over polynya event and surrounding multi-year ice off the North Coast of Greenland in March 2018, 2018-03-30.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20090926Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and clearance rate, valve opening behaviour, byssus strength and shell characteristics of mussel Mytilus galloprovincialis.
Derivates of a GIS based analysis of the recorded bathymetry and backscatter around Tristan da Cunha.
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments: Seawater carbonate chemistry.
Additional file 1: of What makes a bad egg? Egg transcriptome reveals dysregulation of translational machinery and novel fertility genes important for fertilization
EDC dust laser signal (24-769.5 m).
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100508Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Supplement 3) EDML gas chronologies for the different scenarios 1 to 4.
Automatic weather stations and stand-alone soil temperature sensors (Hobo logger) between August 2018 to August 2019 at two boreal forest sites in the region of Lake Ilirney and Lena-Viluy in Eastern Siberia, link to csv files.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Atlantic cod, Gadus morhua dry mass and lipid content during experiments, 2012.
(Figure 5) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-7-A, 3.79 ka.
Additional file 10: Table S5. of Transcription analysis of neonicotinoid resistance in Mediterranean (MED) populations of B. tabaci reveal novel cytochrome P450s, but no nAChR mutations associated with the phenotype
30 years of synoptic observations from Neumayer Station with links to datasets.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100523Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Ground-ice stable isotope data from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-1908-A.
Appendix B. Division of foraging trips into outward, middle, and inward stages.
Absorption coefficient spectra (median) of all particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS93.2.
Physicochemical water conditions during laboratory incubation of European seabass Dicentrarchus labrax.
File 2: Amplification kinetics summaries
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes during experiments with spider crab Hyas araneus, 2011.
Biofouling abundance and type observed in marinas in the north-eastern Baltic Sea.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/045.
Phytoplankton responses and associated carbon cycling during shipboard carbonate chemistry manipulation experiments conducted around Northwest European shelf seas.
Bulk iron, sulfur and aluminum contents and chromium reducible sulfur of sediment cores from IODP Hole 370-C0023A.
(Table S1) Results of Nd measurements on uncleaned, mixed-planktonic foraminiera, bulk sediment leachates and detrital material.
Additional file 1: of Multilevel comparative bioinformatics to investigate evolutionary relationships and specificities in gene annotations: an example for tomato and grapevine
Appendix B. Additional methods: calculation of heat fluxes.
Additional file 2 of Integrative microRNAome analysis of skeletal muscle of Colossoma macropomum (tambaqui), Piaractus mesopotamicus (pacu), and the hybrid tambacu, based on next-generation sequencing data
Meteorological synoptical observations from Neumayer Station, 1981-03 to 2011-12, reference list of 372 datasets.
Appendix B. Proof of Eqs. A1.
HS-1 Experiments by MPIESM Model on the basis of Mistral Machine in Hamburg.
Phytoplankton abundance measured on water samples from rivers of the Lena Delta in 2010.
Metadata record for: SeaFlow data v1, high-resolution abundance, size and biomass of small phytoplankton in the North Pacific
Appendix A. Detailed description of PCLake.
Additional file 1: of Rapid microevolution during recent range expansion to harsh environments
(Tables 2) The bPSi:POC ratio of the total diatom community, and abundance of full, empty, and broken diatom cells compared to heavily silicified diatoms during the EIFEX experiment.
Additional file 1: of Morphometrics and stable isotopes differentiate wintering populations of a migratory bird
(Table 2) Major ion ratios of different ground ice types on Herschel Island.
Data from: Ecological influences and morphological correlates of resting and maximal metabolic rates across teleost fish species
Additional file 4: of Exploring the floristic diversity of tropical Africa
Denitrification rates and nitrate storage of benthic foraminifera of M77/1_540-1.
Model experiment on heterotrophic denitrification vs. autotrophic anammox - quantifying collateral effects on the oceanic carbon cycle.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR1_MTB_2.
Dissolved organic carbon and total dissolved nitrogen in sediment porewater and overlying bottom water collected during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM29 and Polarstern cruise PS85 to the Fram Strait.
Band-pass-filtered ice-sheet surface elevation, thickness, velocity and derived data maps for the northern Greenland Ice Sheet.
Appendix J. Detailed results of the biogeographical null models.
Stable isotope ratios of planktonic foraminifera from North Atlantic surface sediments.
Stable isotopes on planktic foraminifer G. quingueloba in sediment core GIK23059-2.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_658-1.
Additional file 9: of Polygenic sex determination in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia burtoni
(Table 5) Age model for sediment core MD95-2040.
Additional file 7: of A de novo approach to disentangle partner identity and function in holobiont systems
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/113-7.
Diet composition of Atlantic bluefin tuna in the Iceland Sea and surrounding area: A focus on mesopelagic organisms.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and foraminiferal calciﬁcation.
MEDSEA_REANALYSIS_PHYS_006_004
MOESM6 of A method for detecting single mRNA molecules in Arabidopsis thaliana
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100410Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_023 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and carbon and nitrogen allocation strategy in Posidonia oceanica.
Additional file 5: Table S5. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Bacterial community composition off the coast of Mauritania and Senegal during METEOR cruise M129.
(Table 3) Clay minerals in surface sediments from the Laptev Sea.
(Table 4) Estimated surface water phosphate concentrations for the past 200 kyr at the location of sediment core GeoB1016-3.
Dissolved trace metal (Fe, Ni, Cu, Zn, Cd, Pb) concentrations in the Indian and Pacific sectors of the Southern Ocean from the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (2016-2017)
Koutsidi, Moukas, Tzanatos: 23 biological traits of 235 species
Age determination of sediments of Site LO09-14 (Table 1).
Results of the pollen analysis of the Dyanushka peat sediments K7/P2.
(Fig. 4) Distribution and stable isotope record of foraminifera, and ice-rafted debris sediment core PS1243-1.
Supplementary Material for: Cytogenetic and Molecular Characterization of Y Isochromosome in a 63XO/64Xi(Yq) Mosaic Karyotype of an Intersex Horse
Free neutral monosaccharides and combined monosaccharides in seawater and related saline matrices.
Additional file 11 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Ocean bottom hydrophone sgy-files of seismic refraction and wide-angle data from profile P03 during SONNE cruise SO267.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit PRM8 (profile B) from Petermann Range.
Accumulation rate of firn core DML05C98_32 (B32).
(Table S2) Concentration of the individual and summed BHPs of the suspended particulate matter.
Stomach content of Sprattus sprattus during HEINCKE cruise HE181.
Raw multibeam bathymetry data collected around the Balleny Islands, Antarctica on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Stable isotope record of benthic foraminifera in marine sediment core IODP Site U1385 covering MIS 9e – 11c.
(Table 1) Biogeographic distribution of living coccolithophores in the Pacific sector of the Southern Ocean.
(Table 6) Overview of the relative abundance of individual brGDGTs of the core lipid and  and intact polar lipid fractions.
Global data product of chlorophyll a concentration and phytoplankton community composition (microphytoplankton, nanophytoplankton and picophytoplankton) computed from in situ fluorescence profiles.
Plant macrofossil records from permafrost deposits of the Bol'shoy Lyakhovsky Island (New Siberian Archipelago).
Global compilation of chlorophyll fluorescence profiles from several data bases, and from published and unpublished individual sources.
Appendix A. Modeling heterotrophic bacterial metabolism.
Relative abundances of Florisphaera profunda and Helicosphaera carteri during the sapropel S5 of sediment core MD81-LC21.
(Table 1) Average food concentration, clearance and ingestion rates, pellet production and volume in 2- and 24-h incubations and average pellet production in carbon.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA10.
(Supplementary table S1) 133 flares detected wiht a single beam echosounder during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXIX/4 in March and April 2013.
Appendix D. A table of model-averaged predictor weights for predictor variables in agricultural ponds in Houston and Winona Counties, Minnesota, 2000–2001.
Climate-induced changes in the suitable habitat of cold-water corals and commercially important deep-sea fishes in the North Atlantic.
Egg production rate of Rhincalanus gigas from bongo net stations in the Southern Ocean.
(Exp. 14) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Marine radiocarbon reservoir ages simulated for IntCal20, link to model results in NetCDF format.
Additional file 6: of GC bias lead to increased small amino acids and random coils of proteins in cold-water fishes
Physical oceanography and hydrochemistry measured on water bottle samples during METEOR cruise M10/1.
Temperature monitoring in the Thai Andaman Sea coral reefs from 2009-11 to 2010-03 - Racha West.
Additional file 7 of Physical mapping of repetitive oligonucleotides facilitates the establishment of a genome map-based karyotype to identify chromosomal variations in peanut
Appendix E. Relationship between the total length of focal predators and their stable-isotope values.
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during HEINCKE cruise HE182.
Age control of sediment core GIK16458-1.
Additional file 2: of Daphnia galeata responds to the exposure to an ichthyosporean gut parasite by down-regulation of immunity and lipid metabolism
Nematode abundance in sediments obtained during the Belgica cruise BG06/13, Gollum Channels and Whittard Canyon.
Metadata record for: Four European Salmonella Typhimurium datasets collected to develop WGS-based source attribution methods
Seawater carbonate chemistry and photosynthesis and calcification of the coccolithophore Emiliania huxleyi.
Microstructure measurements during POSEIDON cruise POS347.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and coral-coral competition.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR1_MTB_1.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/190.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and condition factor,haematocrit and plasma [Cl-],acute upper thermal tolerance and hypoxia tolerance of pink salmon.
Additional file 4 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Seawater carbonate chemistry and sea urchin reproductive performance.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and physiology of Baltic blue mussels (Mytilus edulis).
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core E16 from Eastern Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Standard deviation of optical density by non-algal particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
Additional file 8: of Multilevel comparative bioinformatics to investigate evolutionary relationships and specificities in gene annotations: an example for tomato and grapevine
Hydrochemistry measured on water bottle samples during PROFESSOR MULTANOVSIY cruise Transdrift-II to the Laptev Sea, Arctic Ocean.
Additional file 8 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Additional file 7: of An evolutionary approach to recover genes predominantly expressed in the testes of the zebrafish, chicken and mouse
Convoluted remote sensing reflectance obtained from spectral underwater upwelling radiance and solar downwelling irradiance measurements during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVI/3 (PS78).
Standardization of a PCR for the authentication of Salmo salar in dishes of Japanese cuisine
Depth profile of Fe solubility from GO-Flo station M68/3_307.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, calcification rate, oxygen production, maximum quantum yield, symbiont density, chlorophyll concentration and crystal width of Halimeda macroloba, Halimeda cylindracea and Marginopora vertebralis during experiments, 2011.
Additional file 3: Figure S1-S2. of Molecular phylogenetics reveals convergent evolution in lower Congo River spiny eels
Panel comparison observed in marinas in the north-eastern Baltic Sea.
[RAW VALIDATED DATA] Navigation and meteorological data during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 6: of Double maternal-effect: duplicated nucleoplasmin 2 genes, npm2a and npm2b, with essential but distinct functions are shared by fish and tetrapods
Appendix B. Location map of atolls and sites within atolls used in this study.
Additional file 6 of Integrative microRNAome analysis of skeletal muscle of Colossoma macropomum (tambaqui), Piaractus mesopotamicus (pacu), and the hybrid tambacu, based on next-generation sequencing data
Data from: Genomics and telemetry suggest a role for migration harshness in determining overwintering habitat choice, but not gene flow, in anadromous Arctic Char
MOESM8 of Development of an oligonucleotide dye solution facilitates high throughput and cost-efficient chromosome identification in peanut
(Exp. 13) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Physical oceanography from glider mission IFM03_depl08.
SEDATION OF NILE TILAPIA WITH ESSENTIAL OILS: TEA TREE, CLOVE, EUCALYPTUS, AND MINT OILS
MOESM4 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
Invertebrate abundances in a foresting experiment in Chipana Bay.
(Table 18) Distribution of ostracode species in Core PS51/154-11.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and benthic microalgae diversity near Volcano Island, Italy, 2011.
Photosynthetic pigment data from the Southeast Indian Ocean (2012-2013).
(Exp. 4) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and carbamazepine bioaccumulation of Mytilus galloprovincialis.
Coccosphere-units of site GIK23414.
Spicule measurements of C. burapha.
Results of a Finite-Element Sea-Ice Ocean Model (FESOM) set-up to study the interannual to decadal variability in the deep-water formation rates.
Table S5 from Targeted metagenomic recovery of four divergent viruses reveals shared and distinctive characteristics of giant viruses of marine eukaryotes.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2006_sel_s_f_01 from Marion Island.
Appendix B. Details of field-based excretion methods.
Bulk parameter data, formate and acetate data and microbial life and past biomarkers from Eemian to Holocene permafrost core material drilled on Bol'shoy Lyakhovsky Island (Siberia) within the CarboPerm project.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and behavioural and physiological performance of a juvenile reef fish.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and adhesion and shell formation of the Barnacle Amphibalanus amphitrite.
Additional file 8: Table S6. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
(Table 1) CPI17-23, hopanoic acid, and n-C35 + lycopane/n-C31 ratios as well as 17beta(H), 21beta(H) homohopane, long-chain alkanes, and alkenones concentrations in IODP Exp302.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_044 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA04.
Additional file 5 of Transcriptome and proteome analysis of Pinctada margaritifera calcifying mantle and shell: focus on biomineralization
Additional file 2: of Coupling spectral analysis and hidden Markov models for the segmentation of behavioural patterns
Appendix A. Size-dependent mortality of Watersipora.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/059.
Additional file 12: Table S9. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Supplementary Material for: De novo Reciprocal Translocation t(5;6)(q13;q34) in Cattle: Cytogenetic and Molecular Characterization
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/108-1.
Additional file 1 of Parallel analysis of miRNAs and mRNAs suggests distinct regulatory networks in Crassostrea gigas infected by Ostreid herpesvirus 1
(Table 1) Sea surface temperature reconstruction for eastern equatorial Pacific surface sediment samples.
Profile of sediment echo sounding during METEOR cruise M70/2b with links to ParaSound data files.
(Table S2) List of all flow rates measured with the FlareFlowModule during HE-413 and HE-459.
Data on environmental oxygen levels among anemone tentacles from Anemone bleaching increases the metabolic demands of symbiont anemonefish
Dataset S1 from Explaining the ocean's richest biodiversity hotspot and global patterns of fish diversity
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML18C98_04.
Appendix A. Relationship between whitefish spawning phenology and water temperature isotherms.
Mean Annual Temperature changes reconstructions from marine core MD96-2048.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and phytoplankton biomass during the BIOACID II indoor mesocosm study in the Kiel Fjord (Baltic Sea).
Organic marker compounds in surface sediments from the Nordic Seas.
Underway CH4 measurements during POSEIDON cruise POS348.
Global mean CO2, temperature and sea level data from transient model simulations of Quaternary glacial cycles.
Chlorophyll pigments from the Laptev Sea (Arctic Ocean) during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 from August-September 2012.
(Table 2) Radiocarbon age determination from the polar planktonic foraminifera Neogloboquadrina pachyderma s for sediment core HU90-013-029.
Appendix B. Description of the stable-isotope values of lower trophic level organisms and resident predatory fish collected from lagoon, forereef, and pelagic habitats.
U–Pb zircon (SHRIMP) ages for the Lebombo rhyolites, South Africa: refining the duration of Karoo volcanism
Sulphate consumption rates during METEOR cruise M76/3b at the REGAB seep site in 2008.
Rapid assessment of the ichthyofauna of the southern Guiana Shield tributaries of the Amazonas River in Pará, Brazil
5) (Figure 3) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-24-AII.2, 125.5 ka.
Physical oceanography from glider mission IFM07_depl09.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20120212Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2015.
Data for: Genomic insights into the vulnerability of sympatric whitefish species flocks
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2006).
Photos of dried glass sponges (Porifera: Hexactinellida: Rossellidae) collected during POLARSTERN cruise PS77 (ANT-XXVII/3, CAMBIO) in the Weddell Sea.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/002A (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Additional file 5 of Effects of habitat modifications on the movement behavior of animals: the case study of Fish Aggregating Devices (FADs) and tropical tunas
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091122Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Radionuclide 210Pb and 226Ra data measured on sediment cores during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Coral reef monitoring data during and after a severe bleaching event in 2010 in the Andaman Sea in 15 m water depth.
Automatic weather station measurements between July 2018 to August 2018 at a boreal forest site in the region of Lake Ilirney in Eastern Siberia.
Synkinematic emplacement of Lassiter Coast Intrusive Suite plutons during the Palmer Land Event: evidence for mid-Cretaceous                  sinistral transpression at the Beaumont Glacier in eastern Palmer Land
Additional file 27 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Stable isotopes and Mg/Ca ratios of Globorotalia truncatulinoides from sediment core M78/1_235-1.
Additional file 7: Figure S4. of Differences in neurochemical profiles of two gadid species under ocean warming and acidification
Data for: Marinitoga lauensis sp. nov., a novel deep-sea hydrothermal vent thermophilic anaerobic heterotroph with a prophage.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and fish cognitive performance.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR3_MTB_4.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, chlorophyll a and phosphate during experiments with Trichodesmium erythraeum IMS101 (CCMP1985), 2010.
Age and stable isotopes of sediment core GeoB7608-1.
Physical oceanography from glider mission ifm12_depl01 (old version).
Data Authors and Citations
Additional file 8 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
Plankton community metabolism in the subtropical and tropical ocean, Malaspina 2010 Expedition.
Particulate organic carbon and nitrogen concentrations measured on water bottles samples during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XVIII/2 (EisenEx).
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/210-2.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_830-1.
Fly-through movie for the reconstructed folds in the onset region of the Petermann Glacier, North Greenland.
Stable carbon isotope ratio of atmospheric CO2 of ice core EDC96, Grenoble ball mill.
(Figure 1) Sea urchin and anemone abundance from sites at North Vulvano Island.
Single planktonic foraminiferal Mg/Ca ratios of samples from sediment trap CBi3 upper off Cape Blanc (NW-Africa).
Ice thickness offshore of the Bykovsky Peninsula in April 2017.
Additional file 3 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Accumulation rates calculated from coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23411-5.
GRIP Electrical Conductivity.
Plasticity predicts evolution in a marine alga.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and DNA, RNA, proteins and mass of Gadus morhua during experiments (Experiment 3), 2012.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_006 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Long-term OBS deployment in the period 12/2014 - 10/2016 offshore northern Chile with SEISAN waveform files and traveltime picks.
Aerial images of eroding permafrost coastline, Qikiqtaruk - Hershel Island, Yukon, Canada.
Additional file 5: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Meteorological observations at Bayelva Station in 2020 (level 1).
High resolution granulometry of sediment core PS69/337-1.
Daily means of bottom temperature and bottom oxygen measurements on the Namibian shelf at 20°S.
Diversity of live benthic foraminiferal assemblages in South Atlantic surface sediments.
Aboveground community and species-specific plant biomass from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2006).
Additional file 1 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Acidity measured with the Electrical Conductivity Method (ECM) on the EGRIP ice core (down to 1383.84 m depth), converted to hydrogen ion concentration.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and reproductive success of giant kelp (Macrocystis pyrifera).
Physical oceanography during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-X/4 on section A12.
Additional file 4 of Genomic variation among closely related Vibrio alginolyticus strains is located on mobile genetic elements
A stereo-image analysis JAVA software with links to executable and source code.
(Supplementary Table 2) Tie points of sediment core MD03-2621.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091111Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Appendix B. Photo of experimental array at a site.
Appendix M. Statewide management-status statistics for each fish, mussel, and crayfish species in Missouri, by stream length.
Appendix C. Quantification of spatial settlement variation.
Phytoplankton pigment concentrations during RV Sonne cruise SO243.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20120212Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Comparison of estimates of population differentiation (FST) between sampling years (2003 and 2009) in different habitat types.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and MgCO3 concentration in bryozoan Myriapora truncata branches during experiments, 2011.
Data from: Strong linkages between depth, longevity and demographic stability across marine sessile species
Raw multibeam EM122 data: transits of METEOR cruise M135 (Tropical South Pacific).
Ground surveys invertebrates sampled in bottom tows from year 2002 to 2013 of the EU NAFO groundfish surveyon boards R/V Vizconde de Eza.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and grazing impact of Antarctic heterotrophic nanoflagellates.
Ocean bottom seismometer and ocean bottom hydrophone sgy-files of seismic refraction and wide angle data from profile P01 from METEOR cruise M66/4a with links to data files.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20101003Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR4_MTB_19.
001508.gif from La Jument lighthouse: a real-scale laboratory for the study of giant waves and their loading on marine structures
I/Ca, N/Ca and S/Ca ratios in regions of interest (ROIs) on cross-sections of individual recent benthic foraminifera from the Peruvian OMZ (NanoSIMS data).
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_025 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Combined effects of different CO2 levels and N sources on the diazotrophic cyanobacterium Trichodesmium.
Metadata record for: A complete dietary review of Japanese birds with special focus on molluscs
Underway surface water data during the Tara Oceans expedition in 2013.
Free Fall Cone Penetration Testing at Nice airport (SE France), 2009/12.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_042 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table 1) Age control and temporal resolution of paleoceanographic records of the North Atlantic.
Additional file 3: of Exploring the floristic diversity of tropical Africa
Biogeochemical characterization of water masses over oceanic seamounts off two CTD dives measured during MEDWAVES cruise in 2016.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO242/1_107-1_AUV14 (Abyss_200) during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Appendix N. A list of 45 native fish, mussel, and crayfish species that are currently not represented in GAP management-status 1 or 2 lands.
PeECE I - Pelagic Ecosystem CO2 Enrichment Study, Raunefjord, Bergen, Norway, 2001.
Relativ abundances of dead fauna of benthic foraminifera in surface sediments (Table C2.2).
Data from: Explaining the ocean’s richest biodiversity hotspot and global patterns of fish diversity
Appendix C. A map of the 39 distinct Aquatic Ecological System (AES) types for Missouri.
(Table 1 + Table 2) Time series of seawater carbonate chemistry calculated throughout incubation periods of Boreogadus saida and Gadus morhua during exposure to different CO2 and temperature conditions.
Data from: The model marine diatom Thalassiosira pseudonana likely descended from a freshwater ancestor in the genus Cyclotella
Video of surface layer anomalies and Argo float tracks.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20090913Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_016 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Scripts and SHERPA settings for Fragilariopsis kerguelensis valve morphometry of sediment core PS1768-8.
Additional file 1 of Gonadal transcriptomes associated with sex phenotypes provide potential male and female candidate genes of sex determination or early differentiation in Crassostrea gigas, a sequential hermaphrodite mollusc
The sedimentary fingerprint of an open-marine iron shuttle.
Data to carbon cycle model simulations for the late Pleistocene by considering solid Earth processes.
MOESM1 of MYC copy gain, chromosomal instability and PI3K activation as potential markers of unfavourable outcome in trastuzumab-treated patients with metastatic breast cancer
Scavenging amphipod abundance at trap stations during SONNE cruises SO239 and SO242/1, Clarion Clipperton Fracture Zone (Pacific) and DISCOL area (Peru Basin).
Stable isotopes of Uvigerina spp. from sediment core M78/1_235-1.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_018 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
High-resolution 3D seismic data set of Four Way Closure Ridge from SONNE cruise SO227 with link to sgy-data file.
Data from: Maternal stress-associated cortisol stimulation may protect embryos from cortisol excess in zebrafish
Elevated pCO2 causes developmental delay in early larval Pacific oysters, Crassostrea gigas.
Additional file 3: of Global gene expression in muscle from fasted/refed trout reveals up-regulation of genes promoting myofibre hypertrophy but not myofibre production
Larcform 1 - single column model intercomparison of Arctic air formation, link to model results in NetCDF format.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_427-2.
(Table 1) Upper and lower boundaries of the gas hydrate occurrence zone (GHOZ) from MeBo cores during the GUINECO cruise.
Supplementary Material for: Dynamic Chromosome Reorganization in the Osprey (Pandion haliaetus, Pandionidae, Falconiformes): Relationship between Chromosome Size and the Chromosomal Distribution of Centromeric Repetitive DNA Sequences
High resolution aircraft measurements of wind and temperature during the ACLOUD campaign in 2017.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, nutrients, chlorophyll, and growth rate of Phaeocystis globosa (strain Pg G''A'') during experiments, 2011.
Physical oceanography from mooring KPO_1097.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth performance and survival of larval Atlantic herring.
Continuous thermosalinograph oceanography along POLARSTERN cruise track ANT-XX/2.
Abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23400-3.
Additional file 10 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
Jelly biomass sinking speed reveals a fast carbon export mechanism.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2007_sel_a_f_03 from Marion Island.
Porewater concentrations, pH, single cell number, anaerobic oxidation of methane (AOM) rate, sulfate reduction (SR) rate of samples during METEOR cruise M76/3b at the REGAB cold seep site from the West African margin in 2008.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_028 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Chlorophyll pigments of the central Arctic Ocean during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 from August-September 2012.
Sea-floor videos and photographs (benthos) along 12 ROV profiles during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XVII/3 (EASIZ III).
Additional file 2: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific metabolic pathways of enterohemorrhagic Escherichia coli O157:H7 in bovine digestive contents
Distribution of marine litter at bathyal and abyssal depths in the Mediterranean Sea. By-catch of various trawl catches during the expedition BIOFUN 2 on the research vessel Garcia del Cid.
Elevated CO2 levels do not affect the shell structure of the bivalve Arctica islandica from the western Baltic.
PaleoTools - extended software package for quantitative paleoenvironmental reconstructions.
MOESM5 of Differential basal expression of immune genes confers Crassostrea gigas resistance to Pacific oyster mortality syndrome
Appendix A. Distribution of species richness and phylogenetic diversity values.
Human health risk–benefit assessment of fish and other seafood: a scoping review
Sampling information on lysianassoid amphipod crustaceans from the expedition PS82 (ANT-XXIX/9) to the Filchner area, Weddell Sea, Antarctica in 2013/2014.
Collated bathymetric data from convergent margins that experienced tsunami earthquakes.
(Appendix F) Petrology and ages of ash layers.
Appendix A. Map of six study sites in central and southern Vermont, USA.
Antarctic geothermal heat flux distribution and estimated Curie Depths, links to gridded files.
Additional file 3: of High-resolution and high-precision correlation of dark and light layers in the Quaternary hemipelagic sediments of the Japan Sea recovered during IODP Expedition 346
Additional file 13 of Comparative genomic and transcriptomic analyses of transposable elements in polychaetous annelids highlight LTR retrotransposon diversity and evolution
Additional file 7: of Thermal regime and host clade, rather than geography, drive Symbiodinium and bacterial assemblages in the scleractinian coral Pocillopora damicornis sensu lato
Coccolith flux of sediment trap OG5.
Gridded bathymetry off South Georgia from multibeam echosounder ATLAS HS-DS3 acquired on RV POlARSTERN cruise ANT-XXIX/4.
A composite flow law to model deformation in the NEEM deep ice core, Greenland - The role of grain size, grain size distribution and premelting on ice deformation.
Studies on some fish parasites of public health importance in the southern area of Saudi Arabia
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD02-2551.
Additional file 11 of Comparative genomic and transcriptomic analyses of transposable elements in polychaetous annelids highlight LTR retrotransposon diversity and evolution
Pollen distribution of sediment core MD96-2048 from the Western Indian Ocean.
Abundance of epibenthic echinoderms at seafloor photography station M21/4_250.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Atlantic cod, Gadus morhua tissue damage during experiments, 2012.
Additional file 3 of Physical mapping of repetitive oligonucleotides facilitates the establishment of a genome map-based karyotype to identify chromosomal variations in peanut
Electron microprobe Mg/Ca elemental ratio maps used for temperature reconstruction using Clathromorphum nereostratum (Figure 2).
Spatiotemporal group dynamics in a long-distance migratory bird
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P5_205_PAMARCMIP_2017_1704041501, Version 1.
Time series of black carbon aerosol measurements from Neumayer Station, 1999-2011.
Data for McLean et al Metabolic costs of feeding predictively alter the spatial distribution of individuals in fish schools
Supplementary Material for: Variation in Missegregation Rates among Human Chromosomes in Hybrid Cells
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the AWI-Hausgarten area along OFOS profile PS62/191-1.
Compilation of 220 sediment core δ¹³C data from the glacial Atlantic Ocean.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth of a coral reef fish Amphiprion melanopus.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR3_MTB_6.
Ras Umm Sidd annual δ¹⁸O, Sr/Ca, reconstructed Sr/Ca temperature and reconstructed d18O seawater data of coral core/colony RUS-95.
Determination of 105 antibiotic, anti-inflammatory, antiparasitic agents and tranquilizers by LC-MS/MS based on an acidic QuEChERS-like extraction
Strong shift from HCO3- to CO2 uptake in Emiliania huxleyi with acidification: new approach unravels acclimation versus short-term pH effects.
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-18 (GEM2IceTh_DiveHole_IceStation2).
Larval development of the barnacle Amphibalanus improvisus responds variably but robustly to near-future ocean acidification.
Additional file 6: of The crowns have eyes: multiple opsins found in the eyes of the crown-of-thorns starfish Acanthaster planci
Gametogenic cycle of Mesodesma donacium in Mehuin beach, Valdivia, Chile, July 1989 to June 1991.
Chlorophyll-a, primary production rates, carbon concentrations and cell counts of coccolithophores, diatoms and microzooplankton measured in water samples from the North Atlantic during the M87/1 cruise in April 2012.
Circumpolar and regional Land Surface Temperature (LST), version 1, with links to geotiff images and NetCDF files (2007-2010).
Oxygen isotope of planktic foraminifera Globigerina bulloides from IODP Site 339-U1387.
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O record from Bonaire coral BON-0-A, 2009 AD.
Appendix A. Analysis of procedural controls used to assess the impact of the disturbance caused in setting up the treatments.
Long term ocean bottom pressure measurements in the deep Southern Ocean 2011 to 2014 at 37S.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100108Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Supplementary figure 1 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
KOSMOS 2014 mesocosm study: mesozooplankton abundances.
Impact of ocean acidification on thermal tolerance and acid-base regulation of Mytilus edulis (L.) from the North Sea.
Climatic changes across Heinrich 4
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 5: of Thermal regime and host clade, rather than geography, drive Symbiodinium and bacterial assemblages in the scleractinian coral Pocillopora damicornis sensu lato
Additional file 6: of Characterization of an extensive rainbow trout miRNA transcriptome by next generation sequencing
Additional file 31 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Age model and sedimentation rate of core M174/KL11 (Table 1).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and gastrovascular cavity pH, calcification of Montastraea cavernosa and Duncanopsammia axifuga.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and toxic effects of carbon nanoparticles on polychaetes.
Green biosynthesized Satureja rechingeri Jamzad-Ag/poly vinyl alcohol film: quality improvement of Oncorhynchus mykiss fillet during refrigerated storage
Ichthyofauna marine of the Island of Santa Catarina, Southern Brazil: checklist with comments on the species
Additional file 9 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Methane concentrations of MeBo sediment core GMMB10.
Pore-water analyses of permafrost deposits from Byk_98_Mkh (Bykovsky Peninsula in 1998).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and net community calcification (NCC) and net community production (NCP) rates of individual taxa and combined reef communities.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/065.
(Table 1) Initial depth tie points between ODP Site 162-983 and IODP Site 306-U1314.
Shell size and weight data of Trilobatus sacculifer shells off Puerto Rico (Caribbean Sea).
Manipulation experiment on phytoplankton diversity, species composition and biomass.
Physical oceanography and current meter data from moorings at HAUSGARTEN, 2001-2014.
Coccosphere-units of sediment trap OG4.
Registry of samples and environmental context from the Ocean Sampling Day 2014.
Data for: Insights into Water Mass Origins in the Central Arctic Ocean from in-situ Dissolved 3 Organic Matter Fluorescence
1 Ma Pacific Deep Water stack of benthic stable isotopes.
Results and analysis of oceanic total alkalinity and dissolved inorganic carbon estimated from space borne, interpolated in situ, climatological and Earth system model data.
Additional file 4 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
Meteorological forcing data to run land surface models for five high latitude sites. Derived from reanalysis products combined with site observations.
Pan-Arctic Oceanic volume, heat and freshwater transport time series during 2005 to 2006, link to model results in NetCDF Format.
Additional file 8: of Identification of the meiotic toolkit in diatoms and exploration of meiosis-specific SPO11 and RAD51 homologs in the sexual species Pseudo-nitzschia multistriata and Seminavis robusta
Gut content, gut clearance rates and ingestion rates of mesozooplankton during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
pH measurements during METEOR cruise M76/3b at the REGAB seep site in 2008.
All song strings for LSI analysis from Migratory insights from singing humpback whales recorded around central New Zealand
Calcium and strontium content of IODP Hole 303-U1302A.
Additional file 1: of Coupling spectral analysis and hidden Markov models for the segmentation of behavioural patterns
Immobilisation dose rates for southern elephant seals during expedition CAR2013.
EPICA Dome C Ice Core 800KYr deuterium data and temperature estimates.
Taxonomic revision of Coralliidae with descriptions of new species from New Caledonia and the Hawaiian Archipelago
(Data D1) Annual climate proxy data from the NGRIP ice core, Greenland.
delta 18O measured on ice core EDML on AICC2012 chronology.
Currents vectors around the La Hague Cape from The Alderney Race: general hydrodynamic and particular features
Organic carbon accumulation, Holocene.
(Fig. 6) Coral content of sediment core GeoB6730-1.
Supplementary Material for: The Expression of Preaxial Polydactyly Is Influenced by Modifying Genetic Elements and Is Not Maintained by Chromosomal Inversion in an Avian Biomedical Model
Appendix D. Untransformed data plots of richness, species diversity, and functional group diversity against all ecosystem processes.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Weddell Sea (Antarctica) along profile PS14/293.
(Fig. 2) Profiles of temperature and oxygen in Lake Donggi Cona.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and particulate inorganic carbon, particulate organic carbon production, and growth rates of Scyphosphaera apsteinii.
Climate sensitivity across marine domains of life: limits to evolutionary adaptation shape species interactions, supplementary material.
Genetic Connectivity among and Self-Replenishment within Island Populations of a Restricted Range Subtropical Reef Fish
Metadata and NCBI-Accession numbers of 16S data for seawater and Craniella sponges from the North Atlantic Ocean and an aquarium experiment in 2017 and 2018.
Additional file 5: of Seasonal and algal diet-driven patterns of the digestive microbiota of the European abalone Haliotis tuberculata, a generalist marine herbivore
Effect of ocean acidification and elevated fCO2 on trace gas production by a Baltic Sea summer phytoplankton community.
PaPaRa alignment of short reads from A global metabarcoding analysis expands molecular diversity of Platyhelminthes and reveals novel early-branching clades
Monte Carlo average of stable carbon isotope ratio of atmospheric CO2 from three Antarctic ice cores, 155-105 ka BP.
Determination of metals in fish and shrimp (Farfantepenaeus paulensis) from Patos Lagoon (Pelotas- RS, Brazil) by MIP OES
Seawater carbonate chemistry and size-fractionated bacterial protein production (BPP) of free-living and particle associated bacteria and abundance of particle associated heterotrophic prokaryotes of KOSMOS Finland 2012 mesocosm study.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO239_65-1_AUV6 (Abyss_172) during SONNE cruise SO239.
(Table S2) Contribution of formulas and elemental ratios of solid phase extracted dissolved organic matter from porewater and overlying bottom water collected during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM29 and Polarstern cruise PS85 to the Fram Strait.
Table S5. Past Himalayan erosion from Bengal Fan: Chemical analyses of river sediment.
(Exp. 9) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Stable isotope analysis of marine plankton during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM49.
Cascading Effects of Ocean Acidification in a Rocky Subtidal Community.
KOSMOS Finland 2012 mesocosm study: Size-fractionated bacterial protein production (BPP) of free-living and particle associated bacteria and abundance of particle associated heterotrophic prokaryotes.
Sediment metal geochemistry from gravity corer SO239_165-1 of SONNE cruise SO239.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth, production rates, and cellular composition of Arctic diatom.
Experiment: Elevated temperature and PCO2 affect enzyme activities in differentially oxidative tissues of Notothenia rossii.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and aerobic capacities and swimming performance of polar cod (Boreogadus saida).
Amundsen Sea, seismic reflection profile AWI-20100131.
Additional file 3: of Gene expression analysis at the onset of sex differentiation in turbot (Scophthalmus maximus)
Carbon, nitrogen, stable carbon isotopes and radionuclides in the sediment core B2 from Berau, Indonesia.
Additional file 2: of Seasonal and algal diet-driven patterns of the digestive microbiota of the European abalone Haliotis tuberculata, a generalist marine herbivore
VOLCORE_2021 - a 2021 update of the global database of visible tephra layers sampled by ocean drilling.
Meiofauna abundance of westerm Mediterranean Sea seep sediments.
(Table 3) AMS 14C ages of multi-species samples of planktonic foraminifers from 'off-mound' sediment core GeoB13731-1.
Sedimentary geochemistry of Murtinheira section at Cabo Mondego, Portugal.
Standard deviation of absorption coefficient spectra of all particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
Dissipation rate measurements during R/V Maria S. Merian cruise MSM21/1b dives.
Appendix A. Basic statistics per locus of 17 samples of the coral reef fish Hypoplectrus puella (Serranidae) genotyped at 10 microsatellite loci.
Lightness (L*) measured in sediment core MD99-2303.
Additional file 3: of Daphnia galeata responds to the exposure to an ichthyosporean gut parasite by down-regulation of immunity and lipid metabolism
High-resolution photogrammetric point clouds from northeast Siberian forest stands. Alfred-Wegener-Institute research expedition \"Chukotka 2018\".
Transient Holocene experiments under orbital forcing using the comprehensive global climate model CCSM3 (Community Climate System Model 3).
Additional file 5 of Genomic variation among closely related Vibrio alginolyticus strains is located on mobile genetic elements
Physical oceanography (CTD) during METEOR cruise M130.
Sea surface temperature reconstruction for the middle Pleistocene from sediment core MD03-2699.
Additional file 6 of Exploring genetic resistance to infectious salmon anaemia virus in Atlantic salmon by genome-wide association and RNA sequencing
Litter abundance and acculmulation rates on 24 beaches of 8 Mediterranean islands (2017-2019).
Dust concentration measured with a coulter counter of ice core EDC.
(Tables 1+4) Sample site substratum and morphometrics and damage levels of different populations of Laternula elliptica around Antarctica.
Planktic foraminiferal flux of sediment trap SAZ_51_trap.
Additional file 3 of Host habitat is the major determinant of the gut microbiome of fish
Table S1 from Targeted metagenomic recovery of four divergent viruses reveals shared and distinctive characteristics of giant viruses of marine eukaryotes.
Age, Lead 210 and Caesium 137 data of sediment core GeoB6008-1.
Dissolved rare earth element distributions and physical oceanographic observations in the tropical Western Pacific during L'Atalante cruise CASSIOPEE.
Physical oceanography and current meter data from mooring F10-12.
Ingested microplastics identified from macrobenthos collected during the RRS Discovery D340b Research Cruise to the Mingulay Reef Complex (Outer Hebrides, western Scotland, northeast Atlantic).
Additional file 1 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
Drainage basin delineation for outlet glaciers of Northeast Greenland based on Sentinel-1 ice velocities and TanDEM-X elevations.
Analysis of the reproductive system of female vampire squid.
Additional file 2: Table S2. of Transcription factors in microalgae: genome-wide prediction and comparative analysis
Pore water and solid-phase measurements on sediment core 347-M0065 from the Bornholm Basin.
HydroC pCO2 measurements during Celtic Explorer cruise CE12010 at station 44ROV12 (Gas Release Experiment).
Alternative protein sources in nutrition and metabolism of jundiá:in nature and demucilaged linseed meal
Electrical resistivity tomography profiles collected in floating electrode mode from the lagoon's water surface, Profile B-B'.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/104-1.
Locations, outlines and ICESat-2 tracks of active lakes at the onset of the Jutulstraumen Glacier (Antarctica).
Metabarcoding approach for non-indigenous species surveillance in marine coastal waters.
Ozone sonde profiles during MOSAiC Leg 1-2-3.
LPJmL4 model output for the publications in GMD: LPJmL4 - a dynamic global vegetation model with managed land: Part I – Model description and Part II – Model evaluation
Temperatures recorded over winter 2015-2016 on a 40m deep spawning ground of Lake Geneva from Higher temperature exacerbates the impact of sediments on embryo performances in a salmonid
Appendix A. Figures showing further hatchling drift scenarios, adult turtle migrations, and associated satellite tracking references.
Meiobenthic taxon counts from deep-sea in situ recolonization experiment II deployed at station PS64/475-1 during ARK-XIX/3c.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Weddell Sea (Antarctica) along profile PS14/259.
Formulation, General Features and Global Calibration of a Bioenergetically-Constrained Fishery Model
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20111124Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Reconstructed sea state using ship motion data recorded during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Climate model results of Fram Strait widening sensitivity studies of COSMOS in NetCDF format.
Methane in NEEM-2011-S1 ice core from North Greenland, 1800 years continuous record: outliers, v2.
Individual denitrification and oxygen respiration rates of benthic foraminifera from Gullmar Fjord, Sweden.
Stable carbon and oxygen isotope ratios of benthic foraminifera from sediment core MD95-2042 on the Iberian margin, North Atlantic.
Neoproterozoic loess and limits to snowball Earth
Methane concentrations of MeBo sediment core GMMB08.
Additional file 4: of RNA-Seq in Mytilus galloprovincialis: comparative transcriptomics and expression profiles among different tissues
Table 1 from Body shape diversification along the benthic–pelagic axis in marine fishes
ATLAS work on Good Environmental Status across 9 study areas in the northeast Atlantic.
Plant height along the plant diversity gradient in the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2006).
Results of modelled Arctic river discharge trends since 7 ka BP.
Additional file 1: of Gene expression profile during proliferation and differentiation of rainbow trout adipocyte precursor cells
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172045.
Appendix B. Phosphorus excretion estimates by species and stream for the model: log10 (SRP excretion) ~ log10 (wet mass).
Periods defined to evaluate the spatio-temporal dynamic of fishing patterns in the spiny lobster fishery, based on the most relevant climatic and human drivers occurring between 1997 and 2011.
(Figure 5) Foraminiferal abundance and sea surface temperature of sediment core MD95-2011.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core C49 from Central Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Stable isotope data of seed samples and relative weights and quality indicators.
(Table 2) Average composition of appendicularian fecal pellets collected in sediment traps off Cape Blanc, Mauritania, from 10 November 2004 to 18 January 2005.
Tessin_RSTA data file_sediment geochem.xlsx from Benthic phosphorus cycling within the Eurasian marginal sea ice zone
Environmental context of all samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013), about pigment concentrations (HPLC) in the targeted environmental feature.
Geochemistry for sediment core MD02-2496.
Photos of fresh glass sponges (Porifera: Hexactinellida: Rossellidae) collected during POLARSTERN cruise PS77 (ANT-XXVII/3, CAMBIO) in the Weddell Sea.
Additional file 3 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Additional file 11: of Correction to: Identification of the meiotic toolkit in diatoms and exploration of meiosis-specific SPO11 and RAD51 homologs in the sexual species Pseudo-nitzschia multistriata and Seminavis robusta
Hydrographic and current velocity data (CTD and LADCP) around the Gazul mud volcano during the MEDWAVES (September 2016).
Additional file 14: Table S11. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
A global database of vertical profiles derived from Biogeochemical Argo float measurements for biogeochemical and bio-optical applications
File 11: Heterotroph tree file
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core GeoB22046-1, Cumberland Bay.
Modeled and Measured salinity, oxygen and derived cod egg survival data for the Arkona Basin and the Bornholm Basin in the Baltic Sea.
Supplementary Material for: Characterization of New Wheat-Dasypyrum breviaristatum Introgression Lines with Superior Gene(s) for Spike Length and Stripe Rust Resistance
Snow height data generated with a Structure-from-Motion photogrammetry approach at the EGRIP camp site in 2018.
Abundance and distribution of planktonic Copepoda during POLARSTERN cruise PS81 (ANTXXIX/1).
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/019.
XAS spectra of dust particles from ice sections of the Talos Dome ice core (East Antarctica).
(Exp. 4op) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using oxygen optodes in a flume experiment.
Figure 1: Measured concentrations from the EPICA Dome C ice core.
Integrated net primary production during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in 2012.
VOLCORE - a global database of visible tephra layers sampled by ocean drilling.
Isotope ratios of sediments from DSDP Hole 47-397 (Table 1).
[RAW VALIDATED DATA] Properties of seawater and particulate matter from a WETLabs AC-S spectrophotometer and a WETLabs chlorophyll fluorometer mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and accumulation of radiotracers in paralarvae of squid, Loligo vulgaris during 52 hours of exposure, 2011.
Corrected ICESat altimetry data for Antarctic ice shelves with links to shapefiles.
Additional file 13: Table S8. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
MOESM2 of Progress and perspectives in the discovery of polychaete worms (Annelida) of the world
Composite record of delta 18O (10 yrs means) of ice cores B32 and EDML from Dronning Maud Land, Fig 2.
GIFT database (2005-2015): Hydrographic and carbon system parameters in the Strait of Gibraltar
Seawater carbonate chemistry and larval response to parental low pH exposure in the pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas.
Experimental data of CO2, CO3, Omega calcite saturation, pH values, alpha and epsilon fractionation factors, and Dδ¹⁸O calctite-water.
Iron and Aluminium measured from Go-Flo bottle samples during METEOR cruise M92.
Animation with all MODIS fire product maps from 2000 to 2011, Yakutia, Siberia.
(Table 1) Age model of sediment core MD03-2705.
Combined SMOS and SMAP sea ice thickness Arctic
Space use of bumblebees (data from Hagen et al. 2011)
Additional file 1: Table S1. of Molecular phylogenetics reveals convergent evolution in lower Congo River spiny eels
Swift thermal reaction norm evolution in a key coccolithopore species: Reaction norm assay data from an experiment in Kiel from December 2012 to June 2015.
Sediment trap foraminifera flux data from the West Antarctic Peninsula.
MOESM3 of Genome-wide association and genomic prediction of resistance to viral nervous necrosis in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax) using RAD sequencing
Ice Nucleating Particle number concentration from low-volume sampling over the Southern Ocean during the austral summer of 2016/2017 on board the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Physical oceanography during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXI/3 (EIFEX).
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2008_sel_a_m_04 from Marion Island.
Permafrost-Region Lake-DOC version1 Database (PeRL-DOCv1).
ArcInfo GRID collection of accumulation pattern for western Dronning Maud Land interpolated from field data.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_005 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Pore-water analyses of permafrost deposits from Byk_98_BH2 (Bykovsky Peninsula in 1998).
Raw multibeam bathymetry data collected in the wider polynya area around the Mertz glacier, East Antarctica on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
hyDRaCAT Spectral Reflectance Library: Hyperspectral Field Spectroscopy and Field Spectro-Goniometry of Siberian and Alaskan Tundra.
(Table S3) Oxygen and carbon isotope ratios of the epifaunal benthic foraminifera Cibicidoides mundulus of IODP Site 321-U1338.
Reproductive biology of Hyphessobrycon eques (Characiformes: Characidae) in Southern Pantanal, Brazil
Solar radiation over and under sea ice and photographic quantification of Ice algal aggregates during the POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in summer 2012.
(Table 2i) Planktic and benthic 14C and 14C reservoir ages of sediment core MD02-2489.
Hydrochemistry at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2011.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_007 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Solid phase geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA10.
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2009).
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during HEINCKE cruise HE168/1.
Crabeater seals (Lobodon carcinophaga) in the Weddell Sea during DRE1998 campaign, with link to files of gridded seal locations and environmental parameters for Maxent analyses.
Additional file 1: of Rab32 and Rab38 genes in chordate pigmentation: an evolutionary perspective
A taxonomically harmonized and temporally standardized fossil pollen data from Siberia covering the last 40 ka: pollen counts.
Additional file 4 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2009_sel_a_f_02 from Marion Island.
Compilation of delta 18O data from planktonic foraminifera in surface sediment.
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Chaetoceros spp. during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Additional file 2 of Detection of gene fusions using targeted next-generation sequencing: a comparative evaluation
Results of the DNA barcode analysis on dental calculus; the symbol “+” indicated positive PCR amplification.
Dataset 2 from Phylogenetic and functional evidence suggests that deep-ocean ecosystems are highly sensitive to environmental change and direct human disturbance.
Body length, dry mass, carbon, nitrogen, lipid, and protein of Euphausia superba, larvae, furcilia II.
GPS data of drifting buoy 2018T46 deployed in the Pacific sector of the Arctic Ocean during the TRANSDRIFT/TICE/NABOS expedition in summer 2018.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2007_sel_a_m_11 from Marion Island.
Virtual reexamination of a plesiosaurian specimen (Reptilia, Plesiosauria) from the Late Cretaceous (Turonian) of Goulmima, Morocco, using computed tomography
Additional file 2: Table S2. of Fish connectivity mapping: linking chemical stressors by their mechanisms of action-driven transcriptomic profiles
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/009 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during ALKOR cruise AL200/2.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2009_sel_a_f_01 from Marion Island.
Electrical resistivity tomography profiles collected in floating electrode mode from the lagoon's water surface, Profile A'-A.
Early Holocene Greenland Ice Core Chronology 2005 (GICC05) and 10 year means of oxygen isotope data from ice core DYE/3.
Argo float data WMO6900530.
Recruitment (in number) values used for the first three simulated years and after.
Meiofauna abundances in sediments from the Nyegga pockmark area (Norwegian Sea) obtained during the VICKING expedition in 2006.
Regression results for main effects specification.
Concentration of hydrogen ions measured with the Electrical Conductivity Method (ECM) on the NEEM ice core.
Additional file 2 of Clinical, cytogenetic, and molecular findings in a patient with ring chromosome 4: case report and literature review
Additional file 3: of Transcriptomic response to parasite infection in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) depends on rearing density
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes during experiments with four strains of Emiliania huxleyi.
Observation of manganese deposits on the East Pacific Rise during the CYAMEX-RITA expedition.
Additional file 4 of Disentangling the mechanisms shaping the surface ocean microbiota
Additional file 7: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Composting for valuation of marine fish waste
Percentages of agreement (% of replicas where the estimated Bayesian Credibility Interval, BCI, 2.5% and 97.5% included the true-known value) for each movement parameter obtained from the second series of simulation experiments based in 50 replications of sim 1 and sim 4 considering a time-step of 15 and 30 min.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_019 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Long-term effects of altered pH and temperature on the feeding energetics of the Antarctic sea urchin, Sterechinus neumayeri.
Boron, oxygen and carbon isotopes, and trace element ratios in planktic foraminifera of different ODP Sites across the Middle Eocene Climatic Optimum.
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during ALKOR cruise AL210.
Additional file 6 of Towards enhancing coral heat tolerance: a “microbiome transplantation” treatment using inoculations of homogenized coral tissues
Geochemistry and age model of sediment core BDP96-1.
Ocean and climate response to North Atlantic seaway changes at the onset of long-term Eocene cooling.
Age analysis and geochemistry of Globorotalia crassaformis and Globigerinoides ruber from IODP Site 306-U1313.
Additional file 3: of A de novo approach to disentangle partner identity and function in holobiont systems
Additional file 4 of Integrative microRNAome analysis of skeletal muscle of Colossoma macropomum (tambaqui), Piaractus mesopotamicus (pacu), and the hybrid tambacu, based on next-generation sequencing data
Phenotypical responses of Fucus vesiculosus germlings to warming, acidification, nutrient enrichment and local upwelling under natural fluctuations (July - September 2014) - Carbon and nitrogen OAW x N experiment.
Data recreational fishing yields Cerbère-Banyuls marine reserve
Stand-alone soil temperature sensor (Hobo 5) measurements between August 2018 to August 2019 at a boreal forest site in the region of Lena-Viluy in Eastern Siberia.
(Fig. 5) Pollen and spore record of profile LAB2-95.
Data for: Relationships between grain size and organic carbon 14C heterogeneity in continental margin sediments
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_030 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Integrated Data Sets of the DFG Research Project SFB 313, Environmental Change: The Northern North Atlantic.
Additional file 8: Table S4. of Transcription analysis of neonicotinoid resistance in Mediterranean (MED) populations of B. tabaci reveal novel cytochrome P450s, but no nAChR mutations associated with the phenotype
Figure 2. Age model of sediment profile PS2185.
Temperature, oxygen and hydrogen sulphide measurements at rim of smoking crater during ROV dive M60/3-66 part a.
Appendix G. Maps showing the individual component values and overall combined values in the human-threat index (HTI) for each of Aquatic Ecological System in Missouri.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20101031Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Underway measurements of halocarbons (air) during POSEIDON cruise POS399 in June 2010.
ECHAM5-wiso simulation data for Antarctica.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and metabolic rates, bloodbased metrics in newborn blacktip reef sharks.
Azadinium caudatum var. margalefii, a poorly known member of the toxigenic genus Azadinium (Dinophyceae)
Ocean acidification increases the accumulation of toxic phenolic compounds across trophic levels.
Specific conductivity measured with the dielectric profiling (DEP) technique on the NEEM ice core.
Raw data of SCADCP (self-contained Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) from mooring AWI232-8.
Regional Surface Mass Balance of Antarctica (1981-2016) estimated from  five high resolution Regional Climate Models
Additional file 4: Table S2. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
North Sea Gas Release Experiment with link to ROV video during station CE12010_44.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core B1 from Berau, Indonesia.
Audio record of a 'singing iceberg' from the Weddell Sea, Antarctica.
Teleost gut microbiome literature summary from The role of the gut microbiome in sustainable teleost aquaculture
Supplementary figure 3 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Planktic foraminiferal flux of sediment trap SAZ_47_trap, lower.
Brain cooling marginally increases acute upper thermal tolerance in Atlantic cod
Wet tundra polygon centers and distance between polygon centroids on Samoylov Island, Lena Delta, Siberia, Russia, with links to shape files.
Seismic reflection data from BELGICA cruise BG09/14b with links to NAV and SEG files.
Additional file 9: of GC bias lead to increased small amino acids and random coils of proteins in cold-water fishes
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth rate, larval attachment of edible oyster Crassostrea hongkongensis.
Geology datasets in North America, Greenland and surrounding areas for use with ice sheet models.
Supplementary figure 3: Heat map depicting pairwise Fst values calculated using a restricted dataset of 45 individuals genotyped at 13 microsatellites. from RAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate: implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit DallSW1830 (profile B) from Dallmann Berge.
Pb isotopic domains from the Indian Ocean sector of Antarctica: implications for past Antarctica–India connections
Physical oceanography, nutrients, and δ¹⁸O measured on water bottle samples in the Laptev Sea.
Data collection of Calanus finmarchicus reproduction life history traits in the North Atlantic Ocean.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and shell opacity of pteropod.
Reconstruction of the global oxygen biosphere productivity based on Δ17O of O2 measurements from Vostok, GISP2 and EDC ice cores over the last 450 ka.
All phrase strings for LSI analysis from Migratory insights from singing humpback whales recorded around central New Zealand
Airborne high-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P6_217_ICEBIRD_2019_1904101401, Version 1.
Spicule measurements of Haliclona (Soestella) caerulea.
Additional file 1: of Analysis of coastal cod (Gadus morhua L.) sampled on spawning sites reveals a genetic gradient throughout Norway’s coastline
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_100.
Characteristics of the temporal series of acoustic detections considering four combinations of movement parameters (sim 1, sim 2, sim 3 and sim 4) to test the performance and accuracy of the Bayesian state-space model developed here.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) Ca intensity of sediment core MD04-2760.
Dataset from Multiple nest entrances alter foraging and information transfer in ants
Additional file 11 of DNA methylation atlas and machinery in the developing and regenerating annelid Platynereis dumerilii
Concentrations of IPSO25 in surface sediments from coastal and near-coastal Antarctic locations.
Chromosomal polymorphism and comparative chromosome painting in the rufous-collared sparrow (Zonotrichia capensis)
Microbial abundance during an in situ experiment with addition of Thalassiosira sp. and E. huxleyi phytodetritus at AWI-HAUSGARTEN S2 in 2013.
Data supporting the publication \"Multi-use of the sea: a wide array of opportunities from site-specific cases across Europe\"
FTIR-inferred biogeochemical properties for the past 3.6 Myr in the sediment record of core ICDP5011-1 in Lake Elgygytgyn, NE Russia.
MOESM3 of Differential basal expression of immune genes confers Crassostrea gigas resistance to Pacific oyster mortality syndrome
Seawater carbonate chemistry and risk-taking behavior in prey (shrimps).
Data supporting 'Optimal perturbation growth on a breaking internal gravity wave'
Additional file 2: of Phylogenetic and morphological characterization of trypanosomes from Brazilian armoured catfishes and leeches reveal high species diversity, mixed infections and a new fish trypanosome species
High resolution sea ice drift and deformation off the North Coast of Greenland in March 2018.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100309Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
[RAW VALIDATED DATA] Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 6 of Host habitat is the major determinant of the gut microbiome of fish
Snow height on sea ice and sea ice drift from autonomous measurements from buoy 2018S75, deployed during AKADEMIK TRYOSHNIKOV cruise TRANSDRIFT XXIV / TICE.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and reproduction in a marine invertebrate.
Digital elevation models generated with a Structure-from-Motion photogrammetry approach at the EGRIP camp site in 2018.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit PRM8 (profile A) from Petermann Range.
Fire maps 2000-2011, Central Yakutia, Siberia.
Metadata record for: A global database for metacommunity ecology, integrating species, traits, environment and space
Seawater carbonate chemistry and the health and growth of eelgrass and the mass of oysters.
Supplementary Data from Bluetongue virus spread in Europe is a consequence of climatic, landscape and vertebrate host factors as revealed by phylogeographic inference.
Data presented in the paper \"Invasive oysters as new hosts for native shell-boring polychaetes: using historical shell collections and recent field data to investigate parasite spillback in native mussels in the Dutch Wadden Sea\"
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100504Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Stratigraphic correlation of IODP Site 303-U1308.
Electron microprobe Mg/Ca elemental ratio maps used for temperature reconstruction using Clathromorphum nereostratum (Figure 4 a,b,d).
CO2 record from the EPICA Dome C 1999 (EDC99) ice core (Antarctica) covering 650 to 800 kyr BP measured at the University of Bern, Switzerland.
Time series of lake size changes in Northeast Greenland.
(Appendix 1c) Abundance and stable oxygen and carbon isotope ratios of Globigerinoides ruber from MIS 11 of sediment core GeoTu_SL096.
Meiofaunal abundance in sediments obtained during RRS Charles Darwin cruise CD179.
Meteorological measurements from 8 dropsondes released during POLAR 4 flight on 1993-03-04 along a track orthogonal to the pack ice edge north west of Svalbard.
Data for: The isotopic (He, Ne, Sr, Nd, Hf, Pb) signature in the Indian Mantle over 8.8 Ma
Spatial decorrelation lengths of surface ocean fCO2 results in NetCDF format.
Radiocarbon (14C) age data of sediment core GeoB5546-2.
Pore water and solid phase data; short sediment cores from Maxwell Bay and Potter Cove, King George Island (Antarctica).
Metadata, flow cytometry data, and NCBI-Accession numbers (16S, 18S, COI, and SNP data) for fan-shaped sponges and seawater from the Cantabrian Sea in summer 2017.
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during Alexander von Humboldt cruise AvH44/02/03.
Individual codes, GenBank accession numbers and GenBank accession links for sponge-associated actinobacterial isolates.
Black Sea cold intermediate layer cold content from in-situ and modelling sources (1955-2019)
Benthic organic carbon flux and oxygen penetration depth in the Southern Ocean.
Geochemistry at BIGO station M107_673-1 on given timesteps.
Additional file 17 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
MOESM2 of Paleomagnetic direction and paleointensity variations during the Matuyama–Brunhes polarity transition from a marine succession in the Chiba composite section of the Boso Peninsula, central Japan
Landsat-based trend analysis of lake dynamics across northern permafrost regions, supplementary material.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/023-1.
MOESM4 of Differential basal expression of immune genes confers Crassostrea gigas resistance to Pacific oyster mortality syndrome
Long-term time-series of mesozooplankton biomass in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1984-1992.
Additional file 9: of A-to-I editing of Malacoherpesviridae RNAs supports the antiviral role of ADAR1 in mollusks
Harmful algae niche response(s) to environmental and community variation along the French coast. Dataset
Experimental growth characteristics, cell size, yessotoxin values and bioassay data of Protoceratium reticulatum (Dinophyceae).
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172038.
Supplementary figure 4 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Natural complexes and terrain types in Yakutia - subset of Federov et al. 1989.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA15.
(Fig. 8g-h, 11) Abundance of planktonic foraminifera and estimation of sea surface temperature and export production of sediment core MD95-2040.
Data S1 from Linking hunting weaponry to attack strategies in sailfish and striped marlin.
Hydrochemistry measured on water bottle samples during IVAN KIREYEV cruise Transdrift-I to the Laptev Sea, Arctic Ocean.
Additional file 1: of Transcriptomic changes in relation to early-life events in the gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata)
Geochemistry at BIGO station M107_527-1 on given timesteps.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from MEDECO1_MTB39.
Raw stable water isotope measurements in water vapour, made in the austral summer of 2016/2017 during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
Additional file 5 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Effect of Ocean Acidification and enhanced irradiances on compositon, productivity and physiology of an Arctic phytoplankton assemblage.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and hatch time, hatch success, survival, and length of estuarine fishes.
(Table 2) Age determination of sediment core IG-KS-11 the Demerara Plateau, North Atlantic.
Supplementary File – Table S1. A comprehensive overview on fish multiple sex chromosomes and synthesis of available related information. from Multiple sex chromosomes in teleost fishes from a cytogenetic perspective: state of the art and future challenges
The TA192A water stable isotope and chemical firn core records , Adélie Land, Antarctica.
Mesocosm experiment on warming and acidification effects in 2012: Cell numbers.
Trends of MODIS land surface temperature trend from 2000 to 2011, Yakutia, Siberia.
Optical density (median) by non-algal particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Atlantic cod, Gadus morhua dry mass and protein content during experiments, 2012.
MARGO LGM planktonic oxygen isotopic data.
(Fig. 4) Age determination of sediment core PG1967.
Oxidative stress responses of juvenile tambaqui Colossoma macropomum after short-term anesthesia with benzocaine and MS-222
Environmental context of all samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013), about sensor data in the targeted environmental feature.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit PRM10 (profile B) from Petermann Range.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20090919Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Aboveground community and species-specific plant biomass from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2002).
Phylogenetic Tree
Additional file 12: Table S9. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Global distributions of diatoms abundance, biovolume and biomass - Gridded data product (NetCDF) - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
Effect of Diplosoma listerianum on the recruitment of Obelia sp. in La Herradura Bay, Chile. Results from an experiment conducted in 2006.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Weddell Sea (Antarctica) along profile PS12/396.
Sponge bioerosion accelerated by ocean acidification across species and latitudes?
Appendix C. Description of hypotheses on the response of rainbow and brown trout recruitment and mean adult length to flow, biological, and other predictors.
Static GPS measurements at Søråsen and Halvfarryggen.
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2013).
Sherrell Table S1-Dataset+legend from A ‘shallow bathtub ring’ of local sedimentary iron input maintains the Palmer Deep biological hotspot on the West Antarctic Peninsula shelf
Seawater carbonate chemistry and gustation mediated-feeding behavior of black sea bream, Acanthopagrus schlegelii.
Data recreational fishing yields Cerbère-Banyuls marine reserve
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2007).
Physical oceanography during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XV/4 (DOVETAIL) on section SR04.
(Table 1) Eocene fish debris, Nd-Sr isotopic compositions of chemically treated fish debris and H202-leach fractions from IODP Exp 302.
Additional file 10 of Host habitat is the major determinant of the gut microbiome of fish
Data on fish metabolic rate from Anemone bleaching increases the metabolic demands of symbiont anemonefish
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/005 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Global distributions of epipelagic macrozooplankton abundance and biomass - Gridded data product (NetCDF) - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
(Table S2) The reconstructed sea surface temperature (SST) over the eastern equatorial Pacific.
(Table 2) Radiocarbon dating on selected surface sediments from the eastern tropical Indian Oceana.
Additional file 14: Figure S4. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Physical oceanography, nutrients, and δ¹⁸O measured on water bottle samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2.
Helgoland transects Elbe, 2008.
Additional file 5: of Gene expression analysis at the onset of sex differentiation in turbot (Scophthalmus maximus)
Impacts of climate change on organisms in the Mediterranean Sea [Dataset]
Methodology used on board to prepare samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
Additional file 12 of Differential gene expression during the moult cycle of Antarctic krill (Euphausia superba)
Response of Arctic benthic bacterial deep-sea communities to different detritus composition during an ex-situ high pressure experiment.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of Transcription factors in microalgae: genome-wide prediction and comparative analysis
Intercalibrated dataset of in situ dissolved organic matter fluorescence from ice tethered profile 52 in the Central Arctic (2011).
(Figure 7) Mean coral Sr/Ca seasonality for individual Bonaire corals.
MOESM3 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
Divergence in energy sources for Prochilodus lineatus (Characiformes: Prochilodontidae) in Neotropical floodplains
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_453-1.
Grain-size, lithic grains, foraminifera-derived and dinocyst-derived data of sediment core MD99-2281.
BIOGEOCHEMICAL dataset collected during the PROSOPE cruise
Surface Chl a concentrations of the western tropical North Atlantic where mooring sites M4 and M5 were located.
Sea-surface temperature reconstruction of ODP Hole 175-1078C.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and somatic and otolith growth relationship of Symphodus ocellatus.
Additional file 15: Table S11. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
(Table 1) Species list of benthic decapod crustaceans collected along the Scotia Arc during the cruise ANT-XIX/5 (LAMPOS) in April/May 2002.
(Table 2) Species density and composition of an inshore and offshore station in Kongsfjord, Svalbard.
Supplementary Figure 1. from Hypoxia inducible factor-1α knockout does not impair acute thermal tolerance or heat hardening in zebrafish
MOESM6 of Using a vector pool containing variable-strength promoters to optimize protein production in Yarrowia lipolytica
Phytoplankton pigment concentration measured by HPLC during POLARSTERN cruise PS107.
Nematode abundance in sediments obtained during RRS Charles Darwin cruise CD179.
Age determination for borehole PRGL1-4 from the Gulf of Lion, Mediterranean Sea.
Data from: Intraspecific variation in body size does not alter the effects of mesopredators on prey
Planktonic foraminifera abundance, stable isotope record and temperature reconstruction of sediment core MD95-2040.
Appendix B. Summary of changes in drivers in the North Sea.
(Appendix 6) Benthic foraminifera at termination I in sediment core GIK23068-3 in the Norwegian Sea.
Data from: Telomere elongation during early development is independent of environmental temperatures in Atlantic salmon
Mineralogy of cold seep sediment inhabited by vesicomyid clams in the Japan Deep Sea Trench.
Deep RNA Sequencing of the Skeletal Muscle Transcriptome in Swimming Fish
(Table S1) Age determination of sediment core MD02-2505.
Appendix A. Estimation of the loss rate of mercury by fish to the gonads.
Heritability of Boldness and Hypoxia Avoidance in European Seabass, Dicentrarchus labrax
Data from: Signatures of selection in the three-spined stickleback along a small scale brackish water - freshwater transition zone
Absorption coefficient spectra (median) of phytoplankton during POLARSTERN cruise PS93.2.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core C43 from Central Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Vertical profiles of physical and biogeochemical parameters obtained by AWI's AUV \"PAUL\" during a dive in the vicinity of an ice tongue in the Fram Strait in 2013.
Replicated anthropogenic hybridisations reveal parallel patterns of admixture in marine mussels.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and photosynthesis and photochemical efficiency of Porolithon onkodes.
Circumpolar surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw surface status remote sensing products (version 4) with links to geotiff images and NetCDF files (2007-01 to 2013-12).
Data for: A connection between magma chamber processes and eruptive styles revealed at Nisyros-Yali volcano (Greece)
Development of a conceptual framework for the management of biodiversity and ecosystem services in the Mexican Caribbean
Additional file 8 of Chromosome behavior during meiosis in pollen mother cells from Saccharum officinarum × Erianthus arundinaceus F1 hybrids
MOESM3 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
CFC, and noble gas measurements during POLARSTERN cruise PS82 (ANT-XXIX/9).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes during experiments with Limacina helicina, 2009.
Additional file 4: Table S2. of Karyotype differentiation in 19 species of river loach fishes (Nemacheilidae, Teleostei): extensive variability associated with rDNA and heterochromatin distribution and its phylogenetic and ecological interpretation
Holocene neodymium isotope data from ODP site 108-662.
Age model of sediment core SO161/5_50SL (Site H).
Appendix A. Persistence and yield plots at varying exploitation rates outside reserves.
(Supplement Table 1) Individual measurements of prosome length, dry weight and lipid sacs (length, width, area) in arctic calanoid copepods.
Additional file 2: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Southern Ocean phytoplankton community characterization and iron uptake.
Additional file 2 of Co-occurrence patterns and the large-scale spatial structure of benthic communities in seagrass meadows and bare sand
Uncalibrated temperature measurement during R/V Maria S. Merian cruise MSM21/1b.
MOESM2 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_017 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Acceptance of fish hamburgers in school meals in the Southwest Region of Paraná, Brazil
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification rate, calcifying fluid pH, calcifying fluid DIC, photosynthetic rates, metabolic alteration of pH in the DBL of corals and coralline algae.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091031Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Black Sea paleosecular variation stack between 68.9 and 14.5 ka.
Appendix E. Covariation of ocean climate and ocean productivity variables across study sites.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_034 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file  of Transcriptome and proteome analysis of Pinctada margaritifera calcifying mantle and shell: focus on biomineralization
Environmental context of all samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013), about mesoscale features.
Ocean Acidification Affects the Phyto-Zoo Plankton Trophic Transfer Efficiency
Petrologic data from Site U1308 over the last three glaciations.
Additional file 3 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Additional file 7: Figure S3. of Karyotype differentiation in 19 species of river loach fishes (Nemacheilidae, Teleostei): extensive variability associated with rDNA and heterochromatin distribution and its phylogenetic and ecological interpretation
Appendix B. Detailed description of life history stages and resulting stage-class population matrix for the female component of the 1930s Falkland Islands southern sea lion (Otaria flavescens) population and a hypothetical Argentinean population. Also presented is the effect of commercial sealing on population size trajectories (females only) from the population model simulation.
Temperature measurements at station M64/2-283-ROV-3b, Logatchev-1 hydrothermal field (IRINA II mussel field).
Megafaunal ecological parameters investigated across the nodule cover gradient of the APEI6 of the CCZ.
(Figure 3) Stable oxygen isotopes on foraminifera of sediment core JM97-948/2A.
Compilation of CH4 records derived from the EPICA Dome C ice core covering MIS 9e - 12a.
Microplastic data from Microplastics and synthetic particles ingested by deep-sea amphipods in six of the deepest marine ecosystems on the Earth.
Abundance of epibenthic echinoderms at seafloor photography station POS196_1008.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/041.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth of Prochlorococcus and Synechococcus strains.
Stable-isotope records from Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_614-1.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20120223Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Appendix B. Details on the grain and extant of the study.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes during experiments with common cuttlefish Sepia officinalis, 2010.
Villefranche MedSeA mesocosm experiment 2013: perturbation studies.
Metadata record for: Global sea-surface iodide observations, 1967-2018
Cytogenetic analysis of the genus Thoropa Cope, 1865 (Anura-Cycloramphidae) with evolutionary inferences based on repetitive sequences
Physical oceanography from mooring KPO_1090.
MOESM1 of Development of an oligonucleotide dye solution facilitates high throughput and cost-efficient chromosome identification in peanut
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/087.
Additional file 6 of Notos - a galaxy tool to analyze CpN observed expected ratios for inferring DNA methylation types
Dissolved organic carbon (DOC) in Arctic ground ice, from northwest Canada, east Siberia, and Alaska.
Data for: HABITAT AND BENTHIC DIVERSITY IN THE BAY OF BAGNOLI AND SURROUNDING AREAS (GULF OF NAPLES, ITALY): A HISTORICAL BASELINE FOR ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION
12. Last Interglacial Al/Si log-ratio data from sediment core GeoB4901-8.
Updated DEVOTES indicator catalogue of MSFD indicator systems targeting descriptors D1, D2, D4, and D6
Marking Fish with Fluorochrome Dyes
Physical oceanography on board of POLARSTERN (1983-11-22 to 2016-02-14).
Full depth ocean properties in the eastern subpolar North Atlantic, Cruise DY052, Extended Ellett Line, 2016, link to raw data in NetCDF format.
Appendix A. Habitat-specific designations for fish prey items.
Multibeam bathymetry processed data (EM 120 echosounder entire dataset, MB-System data format) of RV MARIA S. MERIAN during cruise MSM20/2.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification rate of cold-water coral Lophelia pertusa during experiments, 2011.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_038 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Accumulation rate of firn core DML21C98_10.
Colored dissolved organic matter (CDOM) and dissolved organic carbon (DOC) measured during cruise TRANSDRIFT-XXII, Laptev Sea.
Limpets counteract ocean acidification induced shell corrosion by thickening of aragonitic shell layers.
Crystal c-axes (fabric analyser G50) of ice core samples (vertical thin sections, full bag measurements) collected from the polar ice core EDML, 2359-2380 m depth (2015).
Late Holocene ice-wedge polygon dynamics in northeastern Siberian coastal lowlands
Dissolved methane, diffusive methane flux and underway oceanography of Stern 2 cruises in June 2019, in the southern German Bight with Elbe and Weser Estuary.
Oxygen isotope of benthic foraminifera Cibicidoides wuellerstorfi from IODP Site 339-U1385.
Organic matter composition of the water column in mesocosm study (Svalbard 2010).
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172030.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/066-1.
Composition of gastrointestinal content, protease and lipase activities in summer and winter of four freshwater siluriforms (Teleostei: Actinopterygii) with two different feeding habits
Trace elements of sample SO253-035-ROV15M.
Methane concentrations of MeBo sediment core GMMB11.
Additional file 1 of Antibiotic-induced alterations and repopulation dynamics of yellowtail kingfish microbiota
Newly developed model code and scripts for the coupling of CESM1.2 and MEDUSA.
Beryllium 7 measured in surface water samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2.
Model results, link to archive file.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_050 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Effects of sampling seasons and locations on fish environmental DNA metabarcoding in dam reservoirs
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_041 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
16. Major element proportions (XRF) and endmember unmixing results (% Amazon) from sediment core GeoB3938-1.
Geochemistry at BIGO station M107_688-1 on given timesteps.
Additional file 2: Table S2. of Fish connectivity mapping: linking chemical stressors by their mechanisms of action-driven transcriptomic profiles
(Table 1) Diatom mats from ODP Leg 177 Sites in the Southern Ocean, Atlantic Sector.
Additional file 11: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
17. Last Interglacial benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes from sediment core GeoB1016-3.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and metabolism and growth of the pinto abalone (Haliotis kamschatkana).
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for heterotrophic Dinoflagellates during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Magnesium/calcium ratios and sea surface temperatures on sediment surface samples of the Timor Sea.
Ocean acidification affects growth but not nutritional quality of the seaweed Fucus vesiculosus (Phaeophyceae, Fucales).
Accumulation rates calculated from coccosphere-units of site GIK23259.
Appendix B. Food web for the study site, with a key to species names, feeding modes, and sources of the literature-based links.
Additional file 4 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
Hydrochemistry of water samples during METEOR cruise M107.
Stand-alone soil temperature sensor (Hobo 1) measurements between July 2018 to September 2019 at a boreal forest site in the region of Lake Ilirney in Eastern Siberia.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment cores EW9302-JPC1 and EW9302-JPC2.
Additional file 1: of Molecular cytogenetic characterisation of Elytrigia ×mucronata, a natural hybrid of E. intermedia and E. repens (Triticeae, Poaceae)
Carbonate content of IODP Hole 303-U1305C.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_684-1.
Mg/Ca, Sr/Ca and Na/Ca measured by LA-ICP-MS on the deepwater bivalve Acesta excavata from Norway.
Measurement of kinetic parameters for biotransformation of PAHs by trout liver S9 fractions: Implications for bioaccumulation assessment
Source code for the Compact Morphology-based Nodule Delineation (CoMoNoD) algorithm.
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during ALKOR cruise AL200/1.
Predictingthe Ecological Quality Status of MarineEnvironments from eDNA Metabarcoding Data Using Supervised MachineLearning
Supplementary Material for: Cytogenetic and Array-CGH Characterization of a Complex de novo Rearrangement Involving Duplication and Deletion of 9p and Clinical Findings in a 4-Month-Old Female
Phytoplankton Composition in the KOSMOS Experiment Bergen 2015.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_038 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Data for: Unraveling concordant and varying response of oyster species to Ostreid Herpesvirus 1 variants
Accumulation rate of firn core DML22C98_11.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/032-6.
Hydrographical time series data of the littoral zone of Kongsfjorden, Svalbard 2020.
Additional file 2: of Unravelling population genetic structure with mitochondrial DNA in a notional panmictic coastal crab species: sample size makes the difference
Benthic lander CTD data from RV Meteor cruise M122 in 2016 off Angola at station GeoB20916-1.
(Table 1) Carbonate chemistry parameters from stations in the northern Gulf of California.
Additional file 1 of Unveiling protist diversity associated with the Pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas using blocking and excluding primers
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_041 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Improving nutrient availability of defatted rice bran using different phytase sources applied to grass carp (Ctenopharyngodon idella) diet
Ras Umm Sidd annual winter δ¹⁸O data of coral core/colony RUS-95 as proxy for major Red Sea deep water renewals.
Major elemental concentrations from NGRIP ice core across the interstadial period GI-21.2.
[RAW VALIDATED DATA] Photosynthetically Active Radiation (PAR) measurements from a Biospherical Instrument Inc. QCR-2150 surface PAR sensor mounted on a sensor mast during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Spectral irradiance above and under sea ice from ROV measurements 2011-2017.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and oxygen uptake rates of coral reef fishes.
(Table S1, Figure 2) Sedimentation rates for 108 sediment core sites during the LGM and HS1.
Spicule measurements of Spheciospongia solida.
Accumulation rate of firn core DML23C98_12.
Underway water measurements of halocarbons during POSEIDON cruise POS399 in June 2010.
Supplementary Material for: Homomorphic Sex Chromosomes and the Intriguing Y Chromosome of Ctenomys Rodent Species (Rodentia, Ctenomyidae)
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Dictyocha speculum during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
(Table 2) Comparison of annual mass fluxes measured with shallower and deeper sediment traps off Cape Blanc (CB).
(Table 1) Methane concentrations, MOX rates and MOB abundance in arctic aquatic ecosystems of the Lena Delta, Northeast Siberia.
Mesocosm experiment on warming and acidification effects in 2012: Individual measurements of cell sizes of dominant taxa.
Effects of ocean acidification on growth and physiology of Ulva lactuca (Chlorophyta) in a rockpool-scenario, link to supplementary data.
Appendix C. Detailed methods concerning feeding assays.
Hydrographical time series data of the littoral zone of Kongsfjorden, Svalbard 2014.
Additional file 2: Figure S1. of Nucleotide diversity inflation as a genome-wide response to experimental lifespan extension in Drosophila melanogaster
TanDEM-X elevation model of Roi Baudoin ice shelf, link to GeoTIFF.
Stable carbon isotope ratio of atmospheric CO2 of ice core EDC96, Bern sublimation.
Environmental context of all samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013), about depth specific features.
Concentrations and accumulation rates of biomarkers and SSTs at IODP Site 306-U1313.
(Exp. 1op) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using oxygen optodes in a flume experiment.
Data from: Population genomic evidence for adaptive differentiation in the Baltic Sea herring
Additional file 9: Table S4. of Karyotype differentiation in 19 species of river loach fishes (Nemacheilidae, Teleostei): extensive variability associated with rDNA and heterochromatin distribution and its phylogenetic and ecological interpretation
(Appendix 3) Stable isotope record of Neogloboquadrina pachyderma of sediment core GIK23068-3 in the Norwegian Sea.
Physical oceanography during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM18/2.
Additional file 4: of Metagenome-assembled genomes uncover a global brackish microbiome
Ocean acidification induces biochemical and morphological changes in the calcification process of large benthic foraminifera.
Data from: Marine protected areas enhance structural complexity but do not buffer the consequences of ocean warming for an overexploited precious coral
GEMS-GLORI world river discharge database.
Mean stable oxygen isotope ratios of benthic foraminifera from sediment core MD95-2042 on the Iberian margin, North Atlantic.
Hematite stained grains and Icelandic glass in MIS6 of IODP Site 303-U1308, fine sand fraction.
Additional file 1: of Genome sequence of walking catfish (Clarias batrachus) provides insights into terrestrial adaptation
Depth, estimated age, and associated geochemical information from sediment core PRGL 1-4.
Total above-ground biomass of 39 vegetation sites of central Chukotka from 2018.
Surface diatom community composition and species-specific contribution to carbon biomass, live and empty cell abundances over the Kerguelen region in the Southern Ocean (KEOPS 2 program).
CT data of sediment cores
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/026-3.
Table S2. Past Himalayan erosion from Bengal Fan: 10Be duplicate results.
File 9: Heterotroph taxa
Additional file 2: of A transposable element annotation pipeline and expression analysis reveal potentially active elements in the microalga Tisochrysis lutea
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/005-5.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and photophysiology and production of Biddulphia biddulphiana.
Geochemistry at BIGO station M107_630-1 on given timesteps.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and particulate organic particles during a semicontinuous batch culture experiment with Trichodesmium IMS101, 2007.
Appendix B. Mean percentage diet of major prey items by fish species and size class.
File 13: Indexed FACS and whole genome amplification data
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20091111Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and pH of the extracellular calcifying fluid and skeletal concentrations of trace metals of three coral species (Pocillopora eydouxi, Porites lobata, and Porites rus).
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100309Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Thermocycling profiles for the three target genes and primer sets of the study.
Elemental and Mo isotope data (solid phase) of multicorer samples from the Guaymas Basin (Gulf of California; SONNE cruise SO241).
ESM 2 from The complex evolutionary history of sulfoxide synthase in ovothiol biosynthesis
Supplementary Material for: Evolution of Tandemly Arranged Repetitive DNAs in Three Species of Cyprinoidei with Different Ploidy Levels
Neuston C and N isotope ratios along the Malaspina 2010 Expedition.
Ceilometer cloud base height from station Ny-Ålesund from August 1992 to July 2017, reference list of 290 datasets.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_051 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Supplementary Material for: Chromosomal Mapping of Repeat DNA in Bergiaria westermanni (Pimelodidae, Siluriformes): Localization of 45S rDNA in B Chromosomes
Bacterial and eukaryotic operational taxonomic units (OTU) in sea ice, water and deep-sea sediment samples of the Central Arctic collected during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in 2012.
Model results of ocean physical field of the reference state and the targets in NetCDF format.
Data from: Computed tomography, anatomical description and three-dimensional reconstruction of the lower jaw of Eusthenopteron foordi Whiteaves, 1881 from the Upper Devonian of Canada
Additional file 4 of Unveiling protist diversity associated with the Pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas using blocking and excluding primers
Additional file 3: Figure S2. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Supplementary Material for: Small Supernumerary Marker Chromosomes in Human Infertility
(Appendix A) Pigment content, microbial biomass and activity, and grain size characteristics in caged and control sites of the Arctic long-term observatory HAUSGARTEN.
Major components of sample SO253-035-ROV15M.
(Appendix B) Long-chain alkyl diol, GDGT and XRF data from marine surface sediments off shore the Amazon River estuary.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and photosynthetic oxygen rate and respiration rate of Skeletonema costatum and Ulva linza.
Additional file 9 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
Gas emissions and ROV survey tracks of the Regab pockmark (Northern Congo Fan).
Meiobenthic taxon counts from deep-sea in situ recolonization experiment I deployed at station PS64/474-1 during ARK-XIX/3c.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Maxwell_Bay_STA08.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and ion-transporting capacity and aerobic respiration of larval white seabass (Atractoscion nobilis).
(Exp. 3) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Coral oxygen isotope and Sr/Ca data from the Northern Gulf of Aqaba (Red Sea).
Additional file 2: of Skin microbiome of coral reef fish is highly variable and driven by host phylogeny and diet
MOESM6 of Development of an oligonucleotide dye solution facilitates high throughput and cost-efficient chromosome identification in peanut
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Diatoms 50-100 µm during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Individual codes, GenBank accession numbers and GenBank accession links for marine sponge-associated microbial metagenomes.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/178-1.
Carbon regeneration in the Cariaco Basin, Venezuela
Ice rafted debris content of sediment core MD99-2303.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biomass and fatty acid composition of a post-bloom marine plankton community.
Additional file 3: of RNA-Seq in Mytilus galloprovincialis: comparative transcriptomics and expression profiles among different tissues
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20091025Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20091031Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and hardness and stiffness of the Portuguese oyster shell.
Physical oceanography from mooring KPO_1091.
Appendix A. A table of Spearman correlation coefficients for the parameters used in model development.
Additional file 3 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
Raw multibeam bathymetry data collected around Bouvetoya in the South Atlantic Ocean on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Dissolved rare earth element concentrations and neodymium isotope compositions in the central Arctic Ocean during FS Polarstern PS94 (GEOTRACES GN04).
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2003.
Color refectance L*, a* and b* from different Holes of IODP Expedition 354.
Additional file 2: of Transcriptomic response to parasite infection in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) depends on rearing density
First report of Diplostomidae metacercariae (Trematoda: Digenea) in African catfish Clarias gariepinus (Siluriformes: Clariidae) in Brazil
(Table 2) AMS 14C dates determined on cold-water coral fragments.
AICC2012 chronology for ice core TALDICE.
2) High-resolution Sea surface temperature and benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes data from core MD02-2488 for the Last Interglacial (period 136-108 ka).
Bias-corrected CORDEX precipitation, min/mean/max temperature for Ethiopia, RCP 4.5 and RCP 8.5
Appendix K. Maps showing Aquatic Ecological Systems (AESs) that have all stream size classes represented in GAP management-status 1 or 2 lands.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and feeding behaviour of Scrobicularia plana.
Appendix D. Density independence of the negative binomial dispersion parameter.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/014 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Fossil bivalve investigations on shells from Seymour Island, Antarctica.
Metadata record for: A statistics-based reconstruction of high-resolution global terrestrial climate for the last 800,000 years
(Table 1) Age control points and of sediment core MD01-2444.
Additional file 2: of A-to-I editing of Malacoherpesviridae RNAs supports the antiviral role of ADAR1 in mollusks
Accumulation rate of firn core DML20C98_08.
Comparative chromosome painting in hummingbirds (Trochilidae)
Benthic microalgae in a seaweed system in spring 2015: temperature.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2011_sel_a_m_06 from Marion Island.
Additional file 9: Table S7. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Coccosphere-units of sediment trap NB6.
Distribution of marine litter at bathyal and abyssal depths in the Mediterranean Sea.
Stomach content records of albacore (Thunnus alalunga) and bluefin tuna (Thunnus thynnus) in the North Atlantic Drift Region focusing on the Bay of Biscay between 2004 and 2011.
Quality-checked, one-second cruise track of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) undertaken during the austral summer of 2016/2017.
Integrated water vapor of HATPRO microwave radiometer at AWIPEV, Ny-Ålesund (2018).
Distribution of grain size and clay minerals in surface sediments of the Kara Sea (Fig 4, 5).
Physical oceanography from underway CTD measurements during the Transdrift 22-expedition to the Laptev Sea in 2014.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/101-1.
Greenland geothermal heat flux distribution and estimated Curie Depths, links to gridded files.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_656-1.
Nitrous oxide (N2O) measurements in the surface water of the Elbe Estuary in 2015.
Pore-water analyses of permafrost deposits from Byk_98_Mkh-6.2 (Bykovsky Peninsula in 1998).
Crustaceans and fish abundances and species at and around artificially introduced tetrapod fields in the southern North Sea, 2009.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0057-1.
Supplementary Material for: Food Web Structure Shapes the Morphology of Teleost Fish Brains
Geochemical and geomicrobiological data from gravity core MSM21/4_657-1.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2011_sel_a_f_05 from Marion Island.
(Figure 2) Biological characteristics of anemones Anemonia virids from sites at North Vulvano Island.
Hidden impacts of ocean acidification to live and dead coral framework.
A taxonomically harmonized and temporally standardized fossil pollen data from Siberia covering the last 40 ka: dating data.
Thermocline temperature gradient above IODP Site 306-U1313.
Additional file 1 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Oikopleura dioica growth dynamics in mesocosm experiment.
[RAW VALIDATED DATA] Properties of seawater and particulate matter (fluorescence) from a WETLabs Eco-FL sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Data for: A calibration of cellulose isotopes in modern prostrate Nothofagus and its application to fossil material from Antarctica
(Table 3) Counts of dead (not stained) benthic foraminifera from stations in the northern Gulf of California.
Impacts of Ocean Acidification on Sediment Processes in Shallow Waters of the Arctic Ocean
Theoretical model simulations for variations in thermal reaction norms.
Palaeoecological records from BJM2 sediment core (Sebkha Boujmel, Southern Tunisia. 33°18'30.96\" N, 11°5'0.68\" E)
Small pelagic fish biomass and abundance estimates from the PELGAS survey in the Bay of Biscay
Additional file 3 of Cytosine methylation of mature microRNAs inhibits their functions and is associated with poor prognosis in glioblastoma multiforme
Planktic foraminiferal flux of sediment trap SAZ_47_trap, upper.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biometry and dissolution features of the benthic foraminifer Ammonia aomoriensis in a laboratory experiment.
Precipitation measurements over the Baltic Sea from 1995 until 2004 using ship rain gauges.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core K2 from Kongsi Island, Indonesia.
(Supplementary Table 2) Coral element/Ca and stable isotope data, U-Th ages, and XRD results.
Rates of nitrogen cycling and chemo-autotrophy in the cold-water coral Lophelia pertusa.
Additional file 3: Table S3. of On the genome base composition of teleosts: the effect of environment and lifestyle
Supplementary material 1 from: Steinberg E, Nieves M, Mudry M (2014) Multiple sex chromosome systems in howler monkeys (Platyrrhini, Alouatta). Comparative Cytogenetics 8(1): 43-69. https://doi.org/10.3897/compcytogen.v8i1.6716
Profiles_Turbulence_metrics_Readme from Characterization of the vertical evolution of the three-dimensional turbulence for fatigue design of tidal turbines
MOESM5 of Evolutionary loss of melanogenesis in the tunicate Molgula occulta
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth, biochemical, antioxidants, metabolic enzymes and hemocytes population of the shrimp Litopenaeus vannamei.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Patagonian shelf (South America, South-West Atlantic) along profile PS40/116-2.
Additional file 2 of Stressor controllability modulates the stress response in fish
Hydrochemistry at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2010.
Additional file 5 of Genome evolution during bread wheat formation unveiled by the distribution dynamics of SSR sequences on chromosomes using FISH
Experimental data from How do microalgae perceive light in a high-rate pond? Towards more realistic Lagrangian experiments
Upward looking videos recorded with an ROV under sea ice at station PS80/360-1.
Framework height data from Thai Andaman Sea coral reefs.
Physical oceanography during PROFESSOR MULTANOVSIY cruise Transdrift-II to the Laptev Sea, Arctic Ocean.
Hydrographical time series data of the littoral zone of Kongsfjorden, Svalbard 2015.
Ocean temperature and salinity measured by CTD SRDLs deployed on southern elephant seals from King George Island with links to datasets.
(Table 1) Mineralogy and stable isotopic composition of authigenic carbonate samples from Chapopote TVG-6.
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-18 (IceTh_DiveHole_IceStation2).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and maximum quantum yield and relative electron transfer rate of microalgal communitiesin Antarctic pack ice.
Thorium isotopes in the water column at station PS94/115.
Depth distributions of macrofauna from mesocosm experiments at eastern and western branches of the Whittard canyon.
In situ sediment temperature measurements at ten stations in pockmark A from the Guineco-MeBo cruise.
Gene expression changes in the coccolithophore Emiliania huxleyi after 500 generations of selection to ocean acidification.
Deep-sea fauna observed by pelagic video transects during HEINCKE cruise HE518, Norwegian Sea.
Ice thickness, surface-, and bed elevation of Derwael Ice Rise, Dronning Maud Land Antarctica (2012-2013).
Carbon isotope ratios of terrestrial plant wax from ODP Hole 175-1085A.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_050 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_630-1.
(Table 2) epsilon-Nd values obtained for cold-water corals from the southern Alboran Sea.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of Complete genome sequence and whole-genome phylogeny of Kosmotoga pacifica type strain SLHLJ1T from an East Pacific hydrothermal sediment
MOESM1 of A non-native macroalga is less attractive for herbivores but more susceptible to light limitation and grazing stress than a comparable native species
Seeds of sacha inchi (Plukenetia volubilis, Euphorbiaceae) as a feed ingredient for juvenile tambaqui, Colossoma macropomum, and matrinxã, Brycon amazonicus (Characidae)
Dynamic epimarks in sex-related genes predict gonad phenotype in seabass, a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Calcium carbonate content in surface sediments on Antarctic shelves.
Additional file 2 of Differential expression of miRNAs in the presence of B chromosome in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia latifasciata
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification and survival of the pteropod Limacina helicina.
Geographic distribution of dinoflagellate cysts in surface sediments.
Appendix A. The study system.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_014 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Data for: Mosquitofish use the past experiences of others with risk to make shoaling decisions
Charcoal raw counts and monosaccharide anhydrides in sediment core JC11-K5, Lake Czechowskie, N Poland.
Fig. 2: Comparison of the number of grains counted in a sieve analysis.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and gastropod shell composition.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth rate, cellular POC, PON, PIC contents.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2016.
(Table 2) AMS 14C of sediment cores GeoB11185-1 and GeoB11186-1.
Additional file 10 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
floodX Raw Data, Metadata, and Preprocessing Code
PHIPS particle-by-particle data for the ACLOUD campaign in 2017.
Aggregate, phytoplankton and zooplankton abundance measured with an underwater vision profiler 5 (UVP5) during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM22.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/077.
Mesozooplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1984-1990.
Data for: Diagenesis of mollusc aragonite and the role of fluid reservoirs
(Figures S2a-c) Phase diagrams of the upper crust, the lower crust and the upper mantle based on averagedcompositions of the oceanic crust and mantle.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core E46 from Eastern Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Additional file 6 of Cytosine methylation of mature microRNAs inhibits their functions and is associated with poor prognosis in glioblastoma multiforme
Additional file 13: of Transcriptomic response to parasite infection in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) depends on rearing density
Tectaceans in sediment samples from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-1908-A.
Soybean β-Conglycinin Induces Inflammation and Oxidation and Causes Dysfunction of Intestinal Digestion and Absorption in Fish
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_056 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Supplement 1. Basal area and ancillary data for forest sites around the world.
Modelled global ocean temperature from 6 ka to present.
Long-term dynamics of adaptive evolution in a globally important coccolithophore to ocean acidification: timeseries carbonate.
(Table 1) Calcium isotope values of fossil Porites sp. from IODP Hole 310-M0018A, Tahiti.
Holocene neodymium isotope data from ODP site 108-664.
Grain-size distribution of sediment core GeoB19905-1.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR5_MTB_22.
Additional file 5 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
(Fig. 6) Assemblage of benthic foraminifera in sediment core GeoB6730-1.
Additional file 5: of Satellite DNA in Paphiopedilum subgenus Parvisepalum as revealed by high-throughput sequencing and fluorescent in situ hybridization
Global monthly mean chlorophyll a surface concentrations from August 2002 to April 2012 for diatoms, coccolithophores and cyanobacteria from PhytoDOAS algorithm version 3.3 applied to SCIAMACHY data, link to NetCDF files in ZIP archive.
Nitrogen and Carbon fixation in the Bay of Bengal.
Additional file 4 of Effects of habitat modifications on the movement behavior of animals: the case study of Fish Aggregating Devices (FADs) and tropical tunas
Calcium concentration and oxygen isotope ratios from the ice core GISP2 on the GICC05 time scale.
Additional file 3: of Resolving Cypriniformes relationships using an anchored enrichment approach
Temperature monitoring in the Thai Andaman Sea coral reefs from 2009-11 to 2010-04 - Miang East.
ECHAM-HAM simulations for evaluation and quantification of BC effects in the Arctic under different emission data sets.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core GeoB22031-1, Church Trough.
Additional file 2 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/149-1.
MOESM7 of Development of an oligonucleotide dye solution facilitates high throughput and cost-efficient chromosome identification in peanut
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2000-2004. Part 3.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, growth rate and hatching processes of Symsagittifera roscoffensis during experiments, 2012.
Additional file 6: of Seasonal and algal diet-driven patterns of the digestive microbiota of the European abalone Haliotis tuberculata, a generalist marine herbivore
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core C41 from Central Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Appendix C. Model selection criteria for N and P excretion rates and N:P excretion ratio.
Mesocosm experiment on warming and acidification effects in 2012: picoplankton size.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110626Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Transcriptomic and histological analysis (Light and Transmission Electron Microscopy) on five Geodia species to identify their reproductive status and the gene expression during gametogenesis.
Additional file 21 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Stable carbon isotope record of alkenones from IODP Site 306-U1313.
Supplementary Material for: Molecular Cytogenetics (FISH, GISH) of Coccinia grandis: A ca. 3 myr-Old Species of Cucurbitaceae with the Largest Y/Autosome Divergence in Flowering Plants
Trans Isthmus Costa Rica Scientific Exploration of a Crustal Transect - seismic refraction data from profiles p301 and p302 of Maurice Ewing cruise EW9502 with links to sgy data files.
Bottom trawl positions from year 2002 to 2013 of the EU NAFO groundfish surveyon boards R/V Vizconde de Eza.
Additional file 1 of Detection of gene fusions using targeted next-generation sequencing: a comparative evaluation
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110401Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/010 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and physiological performance in the Coccolithophorid Emiliania huxleyi.
(Table S1) Radiocarbon dates of organic matter from Lena Delta ice wedges.
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML11C98_03.
GRIP Acidity.
Providers of polar weather, water, ice and climate information.
Depth profile of Fe solubility from GO-Flo station M68/3_258.
Cytogenetic analysis of three Ctenidae species (Araneae) from the Amazon
Planktic foraminiferal stable oxygen isotopes of Globigerinoides ruber and Mg/Ca sea surface temperature reconstructions of sediment core RAPID-21-12B from Gardar Drift over the last 230 years.
(Table 1) Age determination of ODP Site 202-1233.
Organic geochemistry of SPM and surface sediments along the Portuguese continental margin.
Geochemical analysis at ODP Site 207-1261 from the Demerara Rise in the western equatorial Atlantic.
Spicule measurements of M. clathrata.
Loading instructions
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA11.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and reproductive characteristics, Oxidative stress and energy metabolism related biomarkers of Gobiusculus flavescens.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth rate during experiments with phylotypes of Symbiodinium (Dinophyceae), 2011.
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Guinardia spp. during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Triglyceride concentrations in individual ova of New Zealand Snapper Chrysophrys auratus.
Body length, dry mass, carbon, nitrogen, lipid, and protein of Euphausia superba, larvae, furcilia IV, at station PS69/498.
Macrofauna abundances from mesocosm experiments at eastern and western branches of the Whittard canyon.
Frøya wind data (1Hz).
Rare element concentrations measured on filtered seawater of water bottle samples during POLARSTRERN cruise ANT-XXIV/3 (GIPY5).
Mesocosm experiment 2013 on effects of increased CO2 concentration on nutrient limited coastal summer plankton: Microzooplankton biovolume.
Age model of firn core DML05C98_32 (B32).
(Table 1) Tie points used for the age model of sediment core MD99-2343.
GIS layers of seafloor characteristics in the Azores region (North Atlantic), links to files in ArcGIS format.
Data for: Optical properties of Forel-Ule water types deduced from 15 years of global satellite ocean color observations
Response of Nodularia spumigena to pCO2.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core SO147_106KL.
Compound specific stable isotopes, BIT, pollen and spores of Miocene to Pliocene sediments of ODP Hole 175-1085A.
Snow thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-23 (SnowTh_ROVgrid_IceStation2).
Additional file 1 of Genome of the four-finger threadfin Eleutheronema tetradactylum (Perciforms: Polynemidae)
Additional file 3 of Comparative genomic analysis of Flavobacteriaceae: insights into carbohydrate metabolism, gliding motility and secondary metabolite biosynthesis
OSI-152
Seawater carbonate chemistry, mass, length and gene expression of Sepia officinalis during experiments, 2011.
Economic forcings, parameters and variables.
Sedimentology of the Okhotsk Sea.
Grid files from two AUV missions in the DISCOL area during the SONNE cruise SO242/1.
X-Ray diffraction of titanium dioxide nanoparticles and their inhibition of marine diatom growth
Temperature profile of HATPRO microwave radiometer at AWIPEV, Ny-Ålesund (2018).
Allele matrix of 10 microsatellites in Petrosia ficiformis.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and load at failure, thread extensibility, and total thread counts of the blue mussel (Mytilus edulis).
Microplastic and environmental data from Arctic sea ice.
MOESM4 of Distribution of new satellites and simple sequence repeats in annual and perennial Glycine species
Appendix F. Information on seaweed properties relevant to grazers.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20100118Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
7) (Figure 3) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-33-BI.2, 129.7 ka.
A new flow-through bioassay for testing low-emission antifouling coatings
Geochemistry at BIGO station M107_598-1 on given timesteps.
(Table 1c) Age control points of sediment core GeoB5804-4, Gulf of Aqaba, Northern Red Sea.
(Table DR1) Age model of ODP Hole 151-910A.
Clay layer frequency record from sediment core GeoB7622-2.
Appendix A. Fatty acid concentrations of the consumer taxa collected in the five boreal lakes.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO239_19-1_AUV2 (Abyss_168) during SONNE cruise SO239.
Raw data of SCADCP (self-contained Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) from mooring AWI232-7.
Species Richness and Taxonomic effort on the study of Octocorallia of the Azores.
Original telegrams of surface weather observations in the Southern Ocean on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) in the austral summer of 2016/2017.
Appendix E. Predator treatment effects on grazer size distributions.
Additional file 3 of Parallel analysis of miRNAs and mRNAs suggests distinct regulatory networks in Crassostrea gigas infected by Ostreid herpesvirus 1
Marine apparent resistivity profile and bathymetry offshore of the Bykovsky Peninsula in July 2017.
Geocryological map of Yakutia, Russia - subsets of Yershov et al. 1991.
Supplementary File – Table S6. Summary of sex chromosomes records in Teleostei based solely on cytogenetic evidence. Cases of multiple sex chromosomes are highlighted. from Multiple sex chromosomes in teleost fishes from a cytogenetic perspective: state of the art and future challenges
Additional file 3 of Genomic variation among closely related Vibrio alginolyticus strains is located on mobile genetic elements
Phenotypical responses of Fucus vesiculosus germlings to warming, acidification, nutrient enrichment and local upwelling under natural fluctuations (July - September 2014) -Temperature, pH, Salinity - OAW x N experiment.
Additional file 11: Table S6. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Dive depth and dive duration data of male southern elephant seals from Marion Island between 2004 and 2008 with links to datasets.
A data set of collocated satellite remote sensing reflectance from GlobColour merged products, chlorophyll a concentration of phytoplankton functional types derived from in situ pigment data, and CMEMS sea surface temperature from 2002 to 2012.
Supplemental Material for Smith et al., 2020
Morpho-molecular diversity and phylogeny of Bysmatrum (Dinophyceae) from the South China Sea and France
Argo float data WMO6900527.
Tab. 1: Radiocarbon ages for sediment core POS220_47-1.
Review of global zooplankton biomass in the bathypelagic zone.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR4_MTB_13.
Integrated Data Sets of the EU FP5 Research Project ORFOIS: Origin and fate of biogenic particle fluxes in the ocean and their interactions with atmospheric CO2 concentrations as well as the marine sediment.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and the shell 13C and 18O content and growth rates in the clam Scapharca broughtonii.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and energy metabolism and survival of the juvenile recruits of the American lobster (Homarus americanus).
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/006 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Pollen analysis of sediment core PG1111.
Spicule measurements of Hymeniacidon gracilis.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes during experiments with Coccolithus braarudii, 2011.
MOESM3 of Is geographical variation driving the transcriptomic responses to multiple stressors in the kelp Saccharina latissima?
Seawater carbonate chemistry and egg production, hatching and metabolic rates of a Mediterranean copepod species (Acartia clausi) in a laboratory experiment.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Anabar-0910 in the Laptev Sea.
MOESM2 of Differential basal expression of immune genes confers Crassostrea gigas resistance to Pacific oyster mortality syndrome
Seawater carbonate chemistry and coral calcification.
Additional file 6 of Dissecting the factors shaping fish skin microbiomes in a heterogeneous inland water system
Dataset for \"The future sea-level contribution of the Greenland ice sheet: a multi-model ensemble study of ISMIP6\"
(Appendix 6) Benthic foraminifera at termination I in sediment core GIK23414-9 in the Norwegian Sea.
Stable isotope record, and abundances of ice rafted debris and Neogloboquadrina pachyderma in sediments of the Iberian margin.
(Table 2) Experimental data and fecal pellet characteristics at incubation start from samples in the strait of Øresund between Denmark and Sweden during 2004/2005.
Meiofauna abundance of central Mediterranean Sea mud volcano sediments.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Mytilus galloprovincialis gross calcification during experiments, 2011.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and the production of DMSP and DMS in the culture of Amphidinium carterae.
Metadata record for: An Indo-Pacific coral spawning database
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and particulate organic nitrogen production of diatom Thalassiosira pseudonana.
Data S4 from Sun basking fish benefit from body temperatures that are higher than ambient water
Whole core and downhole logging magnetic susceptibility of ICDP site 5011-1 in Lake Elgygytgyn, NE Russia.
Abundance of epibenthic echinoderms at seafloor photography station POS196_1018.
Two Southern Ocean diatoms are more sensitive to ocean acidification and changes in irradiance than the prymnesiophyte Phaeocystis antarctica.
(Exp. 12op) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using oxygen optodes in a flume experiment.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification of two mediterranean cold-water coral species in a laboratory experiment.
(Table 1) SPM samples and sites along the Rhône Rive.
Additional file 3 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
1) (Figure 3) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-5-A, 120.5 ka.
Sediment echosounding data files from the Amundsen Sea.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091128Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/157-1.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/040.
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O and accumulation rate of firn core DML05C98_32 (B32).
Stable isotopes of sediment core GIK23323-1.
(Fig. 4) Carbon dioxide of ice core EDC.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA03.
MOESM3 of A flavoprotein supports cell wall properties in the necrotrophic fungus Alternaria brassicicola
Barium measured on water bottle samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2 (SPACE).
Supplementary table 4 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Additional file 15 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
CHEMINI total dissolved iron concentrations from the EMSO-Azores observatory, 2011-2012
Biomarker proxies on ODP Holes 151-912A and 151-912B.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and survival and growth of two populations of red abalone (Haliotis rufescens).
(Figure 2) Symbiodinium cell concentration per unit anemone tentacle from sites at North Vulvano Island.
Additional file 11: Table S6. of Transcription analysis of neonicotinoid resistance in Mediterranean (MED) populations of B. tabaci reveal novel cytochrome P450s, but no nAChR mutations associated with the phenotype
Depth profile of Fe solubility from GO-Flo station M68/3_284.
Can trans-generational experiments be used to enhance species resilience to ocean warming and acidification?
Demersal fish assemblages in the southeastern Weddell Sea.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100302Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Patagonian shelf (South America, South-West Atlantic) along profile PS40/112-1.
The synergistic effects of increasing temperature and CO2 levels on activity capacity and acid-base balance in the spider crab, Hyas araneus.
Colored dissolved organic matter (CDOM) and dissolved organic carbon (DOC) measured during cruise TRANSARKTIKA-2019 Leg4, Laptev Sea and East Siberian Sea.
Antarctic ice sheet topography, cavity geometry, and global bathymetry (RTopo 1.0.5-beta).
Spatial patterns of vertebrate species richness in the Mediterranean Sea based on superimposed expert-drawn maps (excluding fish species).
Planktonic foraminiferal and stable oxygen isotope record of Holocene sediments from the Norwegian Sea.
Additional file 1 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
Additional file 3: of Thermal regime and host clade, rather than geography, drive Symbiodinium and bacterial assemblages in the scleractinian coral Pocillopora damicornis sensu lato
(Table 3) Interannual variability of total mass flux at the deep sediment trap site CBmeso between 1988 and 2006.
CCDC 1983815: Experimental Crystal Structure Determination
(Fig. 3) Sepia officinalis standard metobolic rate and seawater pH (NBS) during experiments, 2008.
Data from: Embryo oxygenation in pipefish brood pouches: novel insights
Orbitally forced simulated surface air temperature of the last 1,000,000 years.
Additional file 16: of The transcriptome of metamorphosing flatfish
Dissolved organic matter in the Lena Delta in 2009.
Bathymetry beneath ice shelves of western Dronning Maud Land, East Antarctica.
The International Bathymetric Chart of the Southern Ocean (IBCSO) - digital bathymetric model.
S2. Track lines of harbour porpoises as geographical coordinates from Simulated seal scarer sounds scare porpoises, but not seals: species-specific responses to 12 kHz deterrence sounds
Additional file 1: of Identification of SNPs associated with muscle yield and quality traits using allelic-imbalance analyses of pooled RNA-Seq samples in rainbow trout
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-23 (GEM2IceTh_ROVgrid_IceStation2).
Additional file 4: of A-to-I editing of Malacoherpesviridae RNAs supports the antiviral role of ADAR1 in mollusks
Borehole temperature data profiles over depth in sediment core PG2411-1 in Polar Fox Lagoon.
Repetitive DNAs and shrink genomes: A chromosomal analysis in nine Columbidae species (Aves, Columbiformes)
Elevated carbon dioxide alters the plasma composition and behaviour of a shark.
GRIP Dielectric Profiling (DEP) in full resolution.
Registry of all campaigns (from port to port) from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
Additional file 2: of Discovery and annotation of a novel transposable element family in Gossypium
Experiment: Acidified seawater impacts sea urchin larvae pH regulatory systems relevant for calcification.
Geochemical analysis on sediment core GeoB5546-2.
Total organic carbon, delta13C, biomarker, diatom distributions in sediment core JM11-FI-19PC.
Δ17O of O2 during Termination II and Termination V from EPICA Dome C ice core.
Additional file 2: of Additive transcriptomic variation associated with reproductive traits suggest local adaptation in a recently settled population of the Pacific oyster, Crassostrea gigas
Seawater carbonate chemistry and individual time to open of blue mussels (Mytilus edulis * trossulus).
(Table 1) Elemental mean values of the upper Paleocene and lower Eocene in IODP Hole 302-M0004A.
Additional file 2: of RNA-Seq in Mytilus galloprovincialis: comparative transcriptomics and expression profiles among different tissues
Seawater carbonate chemistry and the predator–prey interactions of a pair of common coral reef fishes (Pomacentrus wardi and its predator, Pseudochromis fuscus).
Varimax factor matrix (VFM) of the surface sediment data set, tab B.
Data from: A draft fur seal genome provides insights into factors affecting SNP validation and how to mitigate them
Aircraft measurements of spectral solar up- and downward irradiances in the Arctic during the ACLOUD campaign 2017.
Bulk density from different Holes of IODP Expedition 354.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and reef fish metabolic performance.
(Table 5) Gas and gas hydrate contents in pressurized cores taken from the Hakon Mosby Mud Volcano during ARK-XXII/1b.
Marine Biodiversity in the Australian Region
Paleoclimate record combinatio of speleothems and of sediment core GeoB3910-2.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_628-1.
Total V9 rDNA information organized at the metabarcode level for the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2012).
methods used by data contributors to estimate geographic locations from Global Location Sensor
Additional file 12 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Linear mixed models testing the effects of island, site, and depth zone on patterns of invertebrate and macroalgal density and lobster biomass among the Tristan da Cunha islands.
Additional file 2: of Resolving Cypriniformes relationships using an anchored enrichment approach
Snow cover trend analysis 2000-2011, Central Yakutia, Siberia.
Trace elements in the aerosol at Neumayer Station, Antarctica.
Bioerosion Rates of Lophelia pertusa in a Norwegian Fjord.
Permittivity measured with the dielectric profiling (DEP) technique on the NGRIP1 ice core (down to 1371.69 m depth).
Export flux of particles of trap FLUPAC_PF-II.
GRIP Dielectric Profiling (DEP) and Electrical Conductivity (ECM) averaged data.
(Table S3) Tie points between GeoB15005-1 and GeoB5016 δ¹⁸Obenthic and LR04 d18Obenthic.
Sea-suface microlayer (SML) and underlying water (ULW) samples focusing on CDOM spectral characteristics during METEOR cruise M91.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/006-9.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core GeoB22054-2, Annenkov Trough.
Surface elevation, traverse 00-01, between B31 and Kohnen, Dronning Maud Land.
Appendix G. Anomalies of ocean climate and ocean productivity variables during the breeding season at the three study sites.
MSM34/1 raw data of EM122 multibeam echosounder (bathymetry, beam time series & water column).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and particulate organic particles during an incubation experiments with natural phytoplankton community, 2002.
EPICA EDML chemical concentrations and fluxes.
Age determinations and sedimentology, Kurungnakh, Lena Delta.
Sulphate reduction and methane oxidation rates of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station MSM16/2_847-1 (Sample 5, aged flow surface).
Additional file 34 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Hematite stained grains, Icelandic glass, and detritic carbonate in MIS8 of IODP Hole 303-U1308A, fine sand fraction.
Additional file 4: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Intercalibrated dataset of in situ dissolved organic matter fluorescence from CTD casts in the Central Arctic (2012 and 2015) during Dana cruise NAACOS and POLARSTERN cruise PS94.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20101231Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 1: Figure S1. of Mechanisms of wound closure following acute arm injury in Octopus vulgaris
Pollen distribution in samples from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-1908-A.
(Fig. 2) Delta depth from fit for ice core EDC.
Wind and backscatter profiles measured by a wind lidar during POLARSTERN cruise PS85 (ARK-XXVIII/2).
Data for: Dissolved organic carbon in basalt-hosted deep subseafloor fluids of the Juan de Fuca Ridge flank
Hourly mean values of the geomagnetic field horizontal component H at the geomagnetic observatories Tatuoca (TTB) and Huancayo (HUA), 1957 to 2019.
Chemical sensor measurements at the sediment surface of the Håkon Mosby mud volcano (LOOME).
Bacterial single cell number measurements during METEOR cruise M76/3b at the REGAB seep site in 2008.
Additional file 1 of Genome evolution during bread wheat formation unveiled by the distribution dynamics of SSR sequences on chromosomes using FISH
Zero-offset vertical seismic profiling (VSP) data from the COSC-1 borehole, Sweden
Sequences of CPS in A. grahami and A. alcalica (CDS) from Adaptation of the carbamoyl-phosphate synthetase enzyme in an extremophile fish
(Exp. 13op) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using oxygen optodes in a flume experiment.
Additional file 9 of Horizontal acquisition of hydrogen conversion ability and other habitat adaptations in the Hydrogenovibrio strains SP-41 and XCL-2
Marine biomonitoring with eDNA: can metabarcoding of water samples cut it as a tool for surveying benthic communities?
Global chlorophyll a surface concentrations for diatoms, coccolithophores and cyanobacteria as the synergistic SynSenPFT product combined PhytoDOAS and OC-PFT for the period of time August 2002 - April 2012, links to NetCDF files.
(Table S2) Cell concentrations of individual and combined Alexandrium spp. and phylogenetic groups as obtained by qPCR assay and Utermöhl counts, as well as particulate PSP toxin concentrations from discrete water depths.
Comparative chromosomal mapping of microsatellite repeats reveals divergent patterns of accumulation in 12 Siluridae (Teleostei: Siluriformes) species
Accumulation rate of firn core DML17C98_33 (B33).
Integrated daytime EK60 echosounder data from Malaspina-2010 cruise.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/032-2.
Determinations of iron speciation and modelling results of dissolved iron speciation and apparent iron solubility from water samples during METEOR cruise M136.
Data for: A gas hydrate site with bi-verging folding in the outer wedge offshore SW Taiwan: An example of mechanical compaction and fluid flow
Seawater carbonate chemistry and gross photosynthesis rate, respiration rate, alpha diversity index and numbers of sequences distributed over samples of three reef building coral species.
Appendix P. A map showing number and percentage of native fish, mussel, and crayfish species that have less than two distinct occurrences with the GAP management-status 1 or 2 lands of each Ecological Drainage Unit (EDU).
Additional file 3 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
(Table 3) Density, sinking velocity, and L-ratio (carbon-specific respiration rate: measured sinking velocity) of pellets.
Accumulation rates of bulk sediment and opal in surface sediments of the South Atlantic.
GPS data of drifting buoy 2018T54 deployed in the Pacific sector of the Arctic Ocean during the TRANSDRIFT/TICE/NABOS expedition in summer 2018.
Effects of Ocean Acidification on the Ballast of Surface Aggregates Sinking through the Twilight Zone: settling velocity and particle size.
Coarse mode aerosol particle size distribution collected in the Southern Ocean in the austral summer of 2016/2017, during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
Additional file 23 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Appendix B. Estimation of recruitment as a function of settlement.
(Appendix 6) Benthic foraminifera at termination II in sediment core GIK23256-1 in the Arctic Ocean.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and trace metal accumulation in the commercial mussel M. galloprovincialis.
Additional file 1: of Daphnia galeata responds to the exposure to an ichthyosporean gut parasite by down-regulation of immunity and lipid metabolism
Thorium isotopes in the water column at station PS94/058.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/067-1.
Data for: Geochronology and geochemistry of the northern Scotia Sea: a revised interpretation of the North and West Scotia ridge junction
Additional file 7 of Genome evolution during bread wheat formation unveiled by the distribution dynamics of SSR sequences on chromosomes using FISH
Physical oceanography measurements at the Håkon Mosby mud volcano (LOOME).
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110520Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Temperature monitoring in the Thai Andaman Sea coral reefs from 2009-11 to 2010-04 - Surin West.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and shell morphometrics during CO2 acidified seawater laboratory experiment and field experiment of flat tree oysters, Isognomon alatus (Gmelin, 1791).
Management parameters values identified from leaf 3 and environmental variability they allow dealing with. For sole in subarea 7D.
ITS2 in calanoid copepods: reconstructing phylogenetic relationships and identifying a newly introduced species in the Mediterranean
Kiel Outdoor Benthocosms: nutrient dilution test of benthocosm experiment.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/186-1.
Phytoplankton pigment concentration measured by HPLC during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
Climate model results of Greenland-Scotland Ridge (GSR) gateway sensitivity studies of COSMOS in NetCDF format.
Patterns of benthic biodiversity in the deep sea of the Mediterranean.
Dome C age scale EDC1 for ice core EDC99.
Appendix F. Pairwise Pearson correlation coefficients (r) for comparisons of annual mean values of auklet egg-laying dates, breeding success for first and all breeding attempts, and chick fledging mass between populations.
Additional file 7 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23411-5.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and combined physiological effects of CO2 and light on the N2-fixing cyanobacterium Trichodesmium IMS101 during experiments, 2010.
MARMICRODB database for taxonomic classification of (marine) metagenomes
Supplementary Material for: A Comprehensive Whole-Genome Integrated Cytogenetic Map for the Alpaca (Lama pacos)
Profile of sediment echo sounding during METEOR cruise M70/2a with links to ParaSound data files.
Appendix A. A description of the input parameters needed to create an ECOPATH mass balance, their units, and empirical relations necessary to calculate them.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/070.
Stable oxygen and carbon isotope ratios of Globigerina bulloides of sediment core MD01-2443.
MOESM1 of Uncharted biodiversity in the marine benthos: the void of the smallish with description of ten new Platyhelminth taxa from the well-studied North Sea
Airborne high-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P6_211_RESURV79_2018_1804100301, Version 1.
Physical oceanography during SONNE cruise SO243.
KOSMOS Bergen 2015 mesocosm study: Environmental data, carbonate chemistry and nutrients.
Age, Lead 210 and Caesium 137 data of multicore GeoB6008-2.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_642-1.
Pollen in surface sediments in the Arctic Siberia.
Appendix C. A figure illustrating the observed relationship between percentage live coral cover and habitat Shannon diversity.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_022 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
MOESM4 of A flavoprotein supports cell wall properties in the necrotrophic fungus Alternaria brassicicola
Additional file 1: of An evolutionary approach to recover genes predominantly expressed in the testes of the zebrafish, chicken and mouse
Swath sonar multibeam EM122 bathymetry during METEOR cruise M92 with links to raw data files.
Metadata record for: Arctic tidal current atlas
Holocene records of foraminifera oxygen isotope and Mg/Ca-temperatures from MD98-2188.
Supplementary data from Rapid aggregation of biofilm-covered microplastics with marine biogenic particles
Average of Italian pelagic trawlers monitored between 2006 and 2015 in five different fishing regions (1–5) in the northern central Adriatic Sea.
Additional file 5: of A transposable element annotation pipeline and expression analysis reveal potentially active elements in the microalga Tisochrysis lutea
Plant height along the plant diversity gradient in the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2002).
Additional file 9 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Data from: The Teleost Anatomy Ontology: anatomical representation for the genomics age
Appendix A. Quantitative methods.
Seismic properties and mineralogy of core samples from the COSC-1 borehole, Sweden
Ocean bottom seismometer and ocean bottom hydrophone sgy-files of seismic refraction and wide angle data from profile P02 from METEOR cruise M66/4a with links to data files.
Dissolved Iron, Aluminium, and Dissolved Inorganic Phosphorus in the (Sub-)Tropical Atlantic Surface Ocean.
Taxonomic classification of species reported in the Mediterranean Sea (File S2 for details).
Dissolved Barium measured on water bottle samples during POLARSTERN cruise PS94 (ARK-XXIX/3) to the central Arctic Ocean in 2015.
Shotgun proteomics reveals physiological response to ocean acidification in Crassostrea gigas.
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2000-2004. Part 1.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110401Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Appendix D. Details on how prey length was calculated using otolith length measurements or beak rostral length.
Plant macrofossil records from permafrost deposits of the Bykovsky Peninsula (NE Siberia).
(a) Stack of 7 24-well plates used for egg incubation, with increasing sediment load in the wells from bottom to top, (b) plate seen from above, (c) hatched embryo. Photographs by E.Lasne and L.Garaud. from Higher temperature exacerbates the impact of sediments on embryo performances in a salmonid
Seawater carbonate chemistry and half-time of calcein influx in the coral Stylophora pistillata.
PeRL: Permafrost Region Pond and Lake Database, links to ArcGIS shapefiles.
Methane in NEEM-2011-S1 ice core from North Greenland, 1800 years continuous record: outliers removed, v2.
Planktonic foraminifera shell flux data from sediment trap CB-3.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_524-1.
LAMOST obs. in the Kepler field. I.
Additional file 6: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
(Fig. 3) Age and multiproxy studies of sediment core GeoB7186-3.
Appendix C. Major benthic algal species in the study assemblage.
Placement files and comparison from A global metabarcoding analysis expands molecular diversity of Platyhelminthes and reveals novel early-branching clades
Export flux of particles of trap FLUPAC_PF-I.
Primary production of carbon in the equatorial uowelling.
Additional file 30 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Daily MODIS composites of thin-ice thickness and ice-surface temperatures for the Southern Weddell Sea.
Paleointensities calculated for upper Holocene part of sediment core PG1111.
Downcore data for sediment core M77/2_52-2.
Phytoplankton pigment concentrations in the tropical Indian Ocean in July and August 2014 during RV Sonne cruises SO234 and SO235.
Appendix E. Monthly average data of nutrient concentration and temperature, and estimated irradiance at 5 m depth at Medes Islands Marine Reserve during the study period.
(Table 5) Average terrestrial residence times of vascular plant biomarkers for the investigated river catchments deduced from the core locations closest to the river mouths.
Appendix F. Plots of residual error incorporated into the stable-isotope mixing model.
Spatial lake dynamics and lake-ice datasets of the Northern Seward and Baldwin Peninsulas in Alaska.
Data from: Sensitivity of marine protected area network connectivity to atmospheric variability
Magnesium/Calcium ratios measured on planktic foraminifera G. crassaformis and deep-thermocline temperatures of the central North Atlantic during the Mid-Pleistocene Transition (MIS 14-36), IODP Site 306-U1313.
Linear mixed models testing the effects of island (fixed), site (random), and depth zone (fixed) on patterns of fish biomass among the Tristan da Cunha islands.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Nucella behavior.
Supplementary table 5 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Kiel Outdoor Benthocosms: 24 hour cycle of benthocosm experiment in April 2013.
Carbonate content of IODP Hole 303-U1302A.
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Maxwell_Bay_STA09.
Light compensation points and the effects of grazing and light intensity on the consumption of the native Stypopodium zonale and the non-native Grateloupia imbricata by Paracentrotus lividus in laboratory experiment on Madeira Island in 2007.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100530Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0249-1.
Supplementary Material for: A Method for Generating Selective DNA Probes for the Analysis of C-Negative Regions in Human Chromosomes
Appendix D. Congruence between analytical and null model approach.
(Figure 5) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-9-A, 1912 AD.
Stable water isotope composition and radiocarbon dates of permafrost ice wedges from Bol'shoy Lyakhovsly Island (New Siberian Archipelago).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and reproduction, energy metabolism and fatty acid composition of Ophryotrocha japonica and Ophryotrocha robusta.
Amino acid and carbohydrate patterns in particulate carbon of different size-fractions across Fram Strait during POLARSTERN cruise PS107.
Data from: Partial migration: growth varies between resident and migratory fish
MOESM1 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
(Table 3) Average mound aggradation rates.
Table S3. Past Himalayan erosion from Bengal Fan: 10Be blanks.
Calculated abundance and biomass of Ophiocten gracilis at different stations on Kolbeinsey Ridge.
Characteristics of the time-series of acoustic detections obtained from 6 individual of pearly razorfish, Xyrichtys novacula tracked in the waters of Mallorca Island (NW Mediterranean).
(Exp. 14op) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using oxygen optodes in a flume experiment.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/241-1.
Responses of the metabolism of the larvae of Pocillopora damicornis to ocean acidification and warming.
(Table 2) Age determination of sediment cores MD95-2002 and MD03-2692.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and carbonate load of seagrass leaves.
Kiel Outdoor Benthocosms: weekly biogeochemistry of benthocosm experiment.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100508Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Microplastic in snow from European and Arctic sites.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2008_sel_a_f_09 from Marion Island.
Benthic foraminifera of late Quaternary sediments in the northern North Atlantic.
Appendix L. Maps showing the major human disturbances affecting those Aquatic Ecological Systems (AESs) that have all stream sizes represented as an interconnected complex within GAP management-status 1 or 2 lands.
The deep sea teleost fish fauna of the Brazilian North Coast
(Table 2) Stable isotopes on Globigerinoides ruber (white) morphotypes of surface samples from the western Pacific and Indian oceans.
Filchner Ice Shelf cavity noble gas (helium and neon) measurements.
Genetic variability of tambaqui broodstocks in the Brazilian state of Pará
Additional file 8: Figure S4. of Karyotype differentiation in 19 species of river loach fishes (Nemacheilidae, Teleostei): extensive variability associated with rDNA and heterochromatin distribution and its phylogenetic and ecological interpretation
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_053 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Settlement and division rates of two yeasts on different extracts from eelgrass (Zostera marina).
Additional file 6: of Transcriptomic response to parasite infection in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) depends on rearing density
Meteorological observations by an automated weather station on Atka Bay land-fast sea ice, 2013-05-31 to 2014-01-03.
Holocene (Br, Na in 100-yr resolution) and Glacial (Br, Cl, Na, ssNa, Ca, Mg in 55-cm resolution) ICPMS concentrations of RECAP ice core.
Crystal c-axes (fabric G20) of ice core samples collected from the EDML ice core with links to raw data files.
Nutrient concentrations along a North-South transect in the North Atlantic measured during Maria S. Merain cruise MSM03/1 (VISION) cruise.
Microscopic images and 2D-MALDI-images of the sponge Aplysina aerophoba in response to grazing and video recording of grazing behavior.
Authigenic neodymium isotope data from site M45/5_86 since the last glacial.
Additional file 1: of The crowns have eyes: multiple opsins found in the eyes of the crown-of-thorns starfish Acanthaster planci
Appendix C. Time periods over which ocean climate and ocean productivity variables were averaged for each population.
Pollen profile of sediment core BK-8.
Additional file 4: of A de novo approach to disentangle partner identity and function in holobiont systems
PeECE III - Pelagic Ecosystem CO2 Enrichment Study, Raunefjord, Bergen, Norway, 2005.
Sediment geochemistry PASOM research cruise (2009) - Murray Ridge region, northern Arabian Sea.
Additional file 15: Figure S5. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Relative abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23424-3.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and critical thermal maximum of coral reef fishes.
Diet and histological features of digestive tube from four discarded fish species by trawl bycatch in Northeastern Brazil
Additional file 4: of Rab32 and Rab38 genes in chordate pigmentation: an evolutionary perspective
Raw multibeam EM122 data: METEOR cruise M121 (SE Atlantic).
Carbon uptake rate calculated for CTD water samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in 2012.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO239_130-1_AUV10 (Abyss_176) during SONNE cruise SO239.
Accumulation rate of firn core DML14C98_15.
MBES bathymetry from Ormonde to Formigas.
EPICA Dome C Ice Core Timescales EDC3.
A case study of life cycle impacts of small-scale fishing techniques in Thailand
Data from: Revisiting the ichthyodiversity of Java and Bali through DNA barcodes: taxonomic coverage, identification accuracy, cryptic diversity and identification of exotic species
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2002.
Supplementary data for ‘Variation in Zoobenthic blue carbon in the Arctic's Barents Sea Shelf Sediments
Supplement 2. Data and references for human height data used in Fig. 4B and F.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and processes during experiments with phytoplankton Emiliania huxleyi (strain Bergen 2005), 2010.
(Table 1) Sinking rates of particles in the Atlantic Ocean based on seasonal data.
Elevated CO2 affects embryonic development and larval phototaxis in a temperate marine fish.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and impacts of calcium and carbonate ion concentration on Mg and Sr incorporation in cultured benthic foraminifera (Ammonia tepida and Heterostegina depressa), 2011.
Water stable isotope record of ice core GRIP (late Holocene).
Grib and ASCII data, subset ERA-I for shallow water waves Ocean Science study
Metadata record for: Helium, inorganic and organic carbon isotopes of fluids and gases across the Costa Rica convergent margin
Additional file 3 of Comparative genomic and transcriptomic analyses of transposable elements in polychaetous annelids highlight LTR retrotransposon diversity and evolution
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_030 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Exp. 12) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Appendix D. Description of corallivorous fish assemblage, patterns of corallivore abundance in the experiment, and figure illustrating spatial variation in corallivore guilds across the sampling sites.
Compilation of Thunnus thynnus (bluefin tuna) catches in the Northeast Atlantic Ocean 1950–2010.
Amphidoma parvula (Amphidomataceae), a new planktonic dinophyte from the Argentine Sea
Solar sensitivity experiments for the pre-industrial time period using the comprehensive global climate model CCSM3 (Community Climate System Model 3).
Occurence of coral species off Cape de Creus, western Mediterranean, investigated during cruise CORAL II.
Physical oceanography during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-VIII/2 (WWGS) on section SR02 and SR04.
Hydrographical time series data of Helgoland, Southern North Sea, 2017.
Phytoplankton pigment concentrations in the Southern Ocean during RV POLARSTERN cruise PS103 in Dec 2016 to Jan 2017.
Meteorological measurements by dropsondes released from POLAR 5 during ACLOUD 2017.
Abundance of Prokaryotes in deep-sea sediments analyzed by CARD-FISH.
Additional file 7 of Genome evolution during bread wheat formation unveiled by the distribution dynamics of SSR sequences on chromosomes using FISH
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2003).
Coral oxygen isotope and Sr/Ca data from the Northern Gulf of Aqaba (late Holocene), sample AQB-10-B.
Supplemental materials 6 from Will giant polar amphipods be first to fare badly in an oxygen-poor ocean? Testing hypotheses linking oxygen to body size
Effects of ocean acidification and global warming on reef bioerosion-lessons from a clionaid sponge.
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O record from Bonaire coral BON-20-A, 1.84 ka.
(Table 1) Age control points of sediment cores JM97-948/2A and MD95-2011.
Appendix B. Results from ANOVA of consumption rates for six sites and three seasons.
Additional file 5: Fig. S1. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Hydrolysis rates of bio-based polymers.
Temperature measured in permafrost borehole at ICDP site 5011-3 in El'gygytgyn Crater, 2008-2011.
Physical oceanography near the Lena Nordenskøld station in the Laptev Sea, Arctic Ocean.
Data from: Landscape features along migratory routes influence adaptive genomic variation in anadromous steelhead (Oncorhynchus mykiss)
Roosevelt Island Climate Evolution (RICE) ice core: The RICE17 chronology and accumulation record for the past 2700 years.
Data and Code archive for the interpolation of surface ocean carbon dioxide.
EPOCA/EUR-OCEANS data compilation on the effects of ocean acidification, 2011.
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML13C98_16.
Shipborne Ice Nucleating Particle (INP) measurements in the Arctic during PS106.1 and PS106.2.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and photosynthetic physiology and inorganic carbon processing of the temperate coral Oculina arbuscula.
Alkenones and UK'37 derived SSTs of late MIS 6 to early MIS 5d section of ODP Site 161-975.
Antibody response in silver catfish (Rhamdia quelen) immunized with a model antigen associated with different adjuvants
Combined effects of CO2 and temperature on carbon uptake and partitioning by the marine diatoms Thalassiosira weissflogii and Dactyliosolen fragilissimus.
Appendix A. Data used in analyses of population variability of marine invertebrates.
One size fits all: stability of metabolic scaling under warming and ocean acidification in echinoderms.
20. Last Interglacial benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes from sediment core GeoB1028-5.
Planktic foraminiferal flux of sediment trap SAZ_54_trap.
Hemispherical-directional reflectance factor (HDRF) of snow surfaces retrieved from airborne camera measurements in Antarctica during austral summer in 2013/14 (links to files).
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172039.
Dataset accompanying the paper: Characterizing the Composition of Sand and Mud Suspensions in Coastal & Estuarine Environments using Combined Optical and Acoustic Measurements
(Fig. 4) Pollen and spore record of profile LAO25-95.
Terrain model of the eastern slope of the Porcupine Seabight (50 m grid size).
Adaptation of a globally important coccolithophore to ocean warming and acidification.
Data from: Arsenic bioaccumulation in subarctic fishes of a mine-impacted bay on Great Slave Lake, Northwest Territories, Canada
Additional file 6: of An evolutionary approach to recover genes predominantly expressed in the testes of the zebrafish, chicken and mouse
Supplementary Material for: Critical Role of the Matricellular Protein SPARC in Mediating Erythroid Progenitor Cell Development in Zebrafish
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_043 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Elemental composition of sediment core M45/5_90.
Consequences of elevated CO2 exposure across multiple life stages in a coastal forage fish.
Supporting data for Guzzo et al. 2018, Methods in Ecology and Evolution, DOI: 10.1111/2041-210X.12993
Dolomite/calcite and quartz/calcite ratios of MIS 16 sediments of IODP Site 306-U1313.
EPOCA Svalbard 2010 mesocosm experiment: Microzooplankton community composition.
Supplement 1. Commented BUGS code that refers to scenario R3 with common αi’s and hierarchical βi’s.
(Exp. 3op) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using oxygen optodes in a flume experiment.
Ostracoda in permafrost deposits at site Lya_1999_R23+40, Bol'shoy Lyakhovsky Island in 1999.
Determination of absolute coccolith abundances in deep-sea sediments by spiking with microbeads and spraying - SMS-method (Table 1).
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_547-1.
(Table S2, Figure 3a) Sr-Nd isotopic compositions of sediment cores drilled during MSM20/3.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and motility of flagellated microalgae.
(Appendix 6) Stable oxygen isotope ratios of benthic foraminifera from sediment core LV28-42-4.
(Table 1) Number of invertebrate species per bottom trawl haul in the Kapp Norvegia to Halley Bay area on cruise EASIZ I (ANT-XIII/3) and in the Kapp Norvegia - Austasen area on cruise EASIZ III (ANT-XVII/3).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and composition of plastic biofilm assemblages.
Genome diversity of marine phages recovered from Mediterranean metagenomes: Size matters
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth, sex ratio of forage fish Menidia menidia.
Stable oxygen and carbon isotope ratios of Globigerina bulloides in sediment core MD95-2042 of the Iberian Margin, North Atlantic.
Permittivity measured with the dielectric profiling (DEP) technique on the EGRIP ice core, 13.77-1383.84 m depth.
Additional file 4 of Parallel analysis of miRNAs and mRNAs suggests distinct regulatory networks in Crassostrea gigas infected by Ostreid herpesvirus 1
Geothermal heat flow beneath Thwaites Glacier in West Antarctica inferred from aeromagnetic data.
Table 1. Radiocarbon dates from TPC522 and box core surface samples from BC521 and BC523.
Raw multibeam bathymetry data collected around Southern Thule, part of the South Sandwich Island chain in the Southern Ocean on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Table S1 from Bluetongue virus spread in Europe is a consequence of climatic, landscape and vertebrate host factors as revealed by phylogeographic inference.
Heme b concentrations determined in particulate material collected from 10 mesocosm (M1-10) situated in Gllmar Fjord in 2013 and from a control site in the Fjord waters (Fjord).
Additional file 2: of Hmga2 is necessary for Otx2-dependent exit of embryonic stem cells from the pluripotent ground state
(Table 3) Source and culture age, excess density, solid matter density, Reynolds number, drag coefficient, theoretical sinking velocity, and the ratio between measured and theoretical sinking velocity.
Nematode abundance in cold seep sediments of the Nordic Margins (Nyregga, Styregga, Haakon Mosby Mud Volcano).
Appendix B. Diversity partitioning within each region.
Accumulation rates calculated from coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23424-3.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR3_MTB_8.
Lake bathymetry, Kurungnakh Island, Lena Delta.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and phytoplankton community structure.
Seismic Data from MSM21/4 to Knipovich Ridge on the western Svalbard margin.
Glycerol dialkyl glycerol tetraethers (GDGT) abundance of sediment core GeoB15103-1.
Airborne high-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P6_217_ICEBIRD_2019_1904020901, Version 1.
Relative abundances of planktonic foraminifera in sediment core MD99-2339.
Additional file 2 of Notos - a galaxy tool to analyze CpN observed expected ratios for inferring DNA methylation types
(Table 2) Counts of live (stained) benthic foraminifera from stations in the northern Gulf of California.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and size, thermal tolerance and metabolic rate of the red sea urchin (Mesocentrotus franciscanus) during early development.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/244-6.
Global Sea Level Budget Assessment by World Climate Research Programme
(Table 4) Erosion since slump initiation of retrogressive thaw slumps on Herschel Island and King Point.
Age, terrigenous components and foraminifera abundance of sediment core MD95-2006.
Data of comb jelly Mnemiopsis leidyi in the Kiel Fjord (Aug-Okt 2008).
Atmospheric dust fluxes from the Antarctic ice core Talos Dome.
Additional file 2: of Population genetic structure of Schistosoma bovis in Cameroon
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_688-1.
Daily means of horizontal currents measurements on the Namibian shelf at 20°S.
Additional file 1 of Disentangling the mechanisms shaping the surface ocean microbiota
Additional file 5: of A transposable element annotation pipeline and expression analysis reveal potentially active elements in the microalga Tisochrysis lutea
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML20C98_08.
Thesaurus and Data model of TOFF
EGO gliders data processing chain
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2008_sel_a_f_07 from Marion Island.
Sound production in male and female corkwing wrasses and its relation to visual behaviour
Deep Coral Oases in the South Tyrrhenian Sea
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biogeochemical parameters were measured or calculated in 2013 during a long-term mesocosm CO2 perturbation study in Gullmar Fjord (Sweden).
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_018 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Physical oceanography (CTD) during METEOR cruise M137.
Plant height along the plant diversity gradient in the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2005).
Seawater carbonate chemistry, growth rate and PIC and POC production during experiments with Emiliania huxleyi (B92/11), 2011.
ESM2_Spearman_correlation_matrix_environmental_variables from Benthic meltwater fjord habitats formed by rapid glacier recession on King George Island, Antarctica.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110311Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Figure 6a) Palaeointensity estimates for sediment core PS2138-1, eastern Arctic Ocean.
Determination of phycotoxins and toxigenic dinoflagellates abundance during R/V Coriolis II cruise in February 2014.
Mesocosm experiment on effects of increased CO2 concentration on nutrient limited coastal summer plankton: Microzooplankton abundance.
Supplementary Material for: Twenty Years of Physical Mapping of Major Ribosomal RNA Genes across the Teleosts: A Review of Research
Appendix F. Figures showing the response of local diatom richness to the available chemical, morphological, and historical variables.
Raw stable water isotope measurements in water vapour at 13.5 m a.s.l., made in the austral summer of 2016/2017 during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Warming, but not enhanced CO2 concentration, quantitatively and qualitatively affects phytoplankton biomass.
Salinity experiments on Gammaridae species.
EBSD analysis of subgrain boundaries and dislocation slip systems in Antarctic and Greenland ice.
Paleoceanographical studies of MIS 11 for sediment core MD99-2277.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core E44 from Eastern Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Fish abundances in a foresting experiment in Chipana Bay.
Climate variables and oxygen isotope ratio in precipitation extracted at speleothem sites for three iHadCM3 climate model simulations over the last millennium (810CE-1850CE).
Remote sensing quantifies widespread abundance of permafrost region disturbances across the Arctic and Subarctic, Lake dataset.
The location and protection status of Earth's diminishing marine wilderness
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and enzyme activities of Nitzschia closterium.
(Table 3) Clay minerals in sea ice sediments from the central Arctic Ocean.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of Transcription factors in microalgae: genome-wide prediction and comparative analysis
Additional file 1 of Differential expression of miRNAs in the presence of B chromosome in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia latifasciata
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core E47 from Eastern Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Crystal c-axes (fabric G50) of ice core samples collected from the EDML ice core with links to raw data files.
Planktonic foraminifera and SSTs of late MIS 6 to early MIS 5d section of ODP Site 161-975.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes of Emiliania huxleyi (strains RCC1256 and NZEH) during experiments, 2011.
Hydrographic and current velocity data (CTD and LADCP) around the Seco de los Olivos seamount during the MEDWAVES (September 2016).
First record of Grapsus grapsus (Linnaeus, 1758) (Brachyura: Decapoda: Grapsidae) in freshwater habitat
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR6_MTB_36.
Methane concentrations of MeBo sediment core GMMB12.
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Corethron spp. during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Data from: Intraspecific bionomic niche variation drives abundance-occupancy relationships in freshwater fish communities
Stable water isotope data from segregation ice of the Bol'shoy Lyakhovsky Island 1999.
Environmental context of all samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013), about carbonate chemistry in the targeted environmental feature.
Appendix A. Reference sources for the data used in preparing the raw data available in the Supplement.
Appendix A. Additional figures on cokriging results: empirical and fitted variograms, histogram of all the standard errors of the cokriged estimates of the tuna presence, and values of index of presence for two coefficients of intensive search (IS) parameter.
Oxygen isotope records of foraminifera, and alkenone and Mg/Ca-based SST estimates for IODP Hole 303-U1308C.
Ventilatory frequency and anesthetic efficacy in silver catfish, Rhamdia quelen: a comparative approach between different essential oils
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML05C98_07.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Kotelny-1314 in the Laptev Sea.
Stand-alone soil temperature sensor (Hobo 3) measurements between July 2018 to September 2019 at a boreal forest site in the region of Lake Ilirney in Eastern Siberia.
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML21C98_10.
Dinocyst assemblages of site HM52-43.
Stomach content data of the orangeback squid Sthenoteuthis pteropus from samples of METEOR cruises M116, M119 and Maria S. Merian cruise MSM49.
Ice thickness of the Oldest Ice Reconnaissance survey, 2016/17, Dome Fuji - Beyond EPICA.
Appendix D. Rankings of mean and variance of local climate and ocean productivity variables at each study site relative to other study sites.
Additional file 10 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Raw multibeam EM122 data: transits of METEOR cruise M138 (Tropical South Pacific).
Appendix O. A map showing number and percentage of native fish, mussel, and crayfish species that are not represented within the GAP management-status 1 or 2 lands of each Ecological Drainage Unit (EDU).
Solid phase geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA04.
Abundance of coccosphere-units of site GIK23414.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes in experiments of the Norwegian sea.
Subsidence-driven environmental change in three Holocene embayments of Ahuriri Inlet, Hikurangi Subduction Margin, New Zealand
File 5: CyCOG definitions
Ecotoxicity interspecies QAAR models from Daphnia toxicity of pharmaceuticals and personal care products$
Unverified GPS track of R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) in the austral summer of 2016/2017.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biogenic dimethylated sulfur compounds cycling.
(Table 1) Radiocarbon and stable isotopic compositions of purified chloro- and pheopigments, bivalve shells, total organic carbon, and bulk sediment.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2008.
Additional file 1 of Co-occurrence patterns and the large-scale spatial structure of benthic communities in seagrass meadows and bare sand
TOC, δ¹³C and accumulation rates of core KD9502-14, Laptev Sea.
File 3: Amplification kinetics distributions
12. Resampled and filtered % Andes composite records from cores GeoB7010-2 and GeoB7011-1.
Climate model results of various COSMOS Miocene experiments in NetCDF format.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/010-1.
Additional file 3: of GC bias lead to increased small amino acids and random coils of proteins in cold-water fishes
Additional file 6: of Transcriptomic response to parasite infection in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) depends on rearing density
Stable isotope ratios of epibenthic foraminifer Cibicidoides wuellerstorfi from sediment profile GeoB9526.
Bulk organic geochemistry of Hole 302-M0004A.
Nitric oxide (NO) concentration in the Bohai and Yellow Seas during June 2011, with a set up combined with purge-and-trap setup and a fluorometric detection of NO.
Additional file 5: of GC bias lead to increased small amino acids and random coils of proteins in cold-water fishes
(Table 5) Major ion composition of seggregated ice from Herschel Island and Komakuk Beach.
Iron limitation modulates ocean acidification effects on southern ocean phytoplankton communities.
Carbon and nitrogen stable isotope data from organisms in the Bay of Panama ecosystem.
(Table 1) Dissolved organic carbon, water temperature and conductivity in three subarctic ponds near Kilpisjärvi, North Finland.
Accumulation rates for western Dronning Maud Land from firn cores and snow pits.
Appendix A. Details on the modeling approach.
Data for: A geochemical approach to reconstruct modern dust fluxes and sources to the South Pacific
Pore water geochemistry of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station MSM16/2_847-1 (Sample 5, aged flow surface).
Change in leukocyte by acute toxicological stress of diesel oil in juveniles of Nile tilapia
Reference tree alignment from A global metabarcoding analysis expands molecular diversity of Platyhelminthes and reveals novel early-branching clades.
(Table 2) Results of radiocarbon datings (13C corrected) on sediment cores from site PS2458.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172032.
Coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23424-3.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_534-1.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_042 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Stable hydrogen isotope record of C30-Alkanoic acid from sediment core MD98-2152 for 450 kyr.
Operational taxonomic unit table of Pacific oysters stemming from three oyster bed in the Northern Wadden Sea, part 2, OTU 4000-9339.
CSEM towed receiver data from Nyegga, CNE03 pockmark.
Living planktonic foraminifera faunal data from NE Atlantic multinet hauls.
Distribution of planktonic foraminifers in ODP Hole 104-642A (Table 2).
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO242/1_94-1_AUV12 (Abyss_198) during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Additional file 3 of Differential expression of miRNAs in the presence of B chromosome in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia latifasciata
(Appendix A) Radiolarian abundances in sediment core MD96-2086.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and processes during experiments with cyanobacterium Trichodesmium (IMS101), 2009.
Sediment Contaminants and Infauna Associated with Recreational Boating Structures in a Multi-Use Marine Park
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Pseudonitzschia lineola during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Daily pan-Arctic sea-ice lead maps for 2003-2015, with links to maps in NetCDF format.
Foraging behavior and at-sea distribution of White-Tailed Tropicbirds in tropical ocean
Elemental analysis of the total carbon, total nitrogen and total sulphur on mumiyo deposit PRM10 from Petermann Range.
Biomineral shell formation under ocean acidification: a shift from order to chaos.
Additional file 7 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Circumpolar and regional Land Surface Temperature (Version 2) with links to geotiff images (2007-01 to 2013-12).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and effects of ocean acidification on different life-cycle stages of the kelp Laminaria hyperborea (Phaeophyceae) in a laboratory experiment.
(Table 1) TOC content, BIT, TEX86 and UK'37 indices, and sea surface temperature reconstruction for the middle Miocene to Pliocene of ODP Hole 175-1085A.
(Supplementary Table 1) Carbonate accumulation rate dataset of the equatorial Pacific.
Additional file 9: Table S7. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Seawater carbonate chemistry and variation in community development.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and larval settlement of Sea urchin larvae.
Diatoms abundance in sediment core PS58/271-1.
Data for: Biologically controlled Mo isotope fractionation in coral reef systems
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/080.
Additional file 5 of Towards enhancing coral heat tolerance: a “microbiome transplantation” treatment using inoculations of homogenized coral tissues
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_023 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Morphological and genetic data from Cnemidocarpa verrucosa sensu lato.
(Table 1) Age estimates of lithostratigraphic units of Hole 302-M0004A.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and male and female behavioural lateralization in a temperate goby.
Additional file 7 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
Data underlying the publication: Mitigating ecosystem impacts of bottom trawl fisheries for North Sea sole Solea solea by replacing mechanical with electrical stimulation
Additional file 5 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
Uristes sp. length frequency data from the Molloy Deep.
Accumulation rates calculated from coccosphere-units of site GIK23414.
Data from: Eddy-induced acceleration of Lagrangian floats
Seawater carbonate chemistry and skeletal mineralization of a marine fish.
(Table 1) Age model of GeoB5844-2, northern Red Sea, including 14C AMS datings and paleomagnetic tie-points to the NAPIS stack (Stoner et al., 2002).
Stable isotope characteristics of precipitation in southeast Siberia.
Stratigraphic distribution and the number of planktic foraminifera from IODP Hole 320-U1334A.
Shallow seismicity and the classification of structures in the Lau back-arc basin.
Geochemistry at BIGO station M107_557-1 on given timesteps.
Appendix C. Mean and variation in environmental variables among sites in each region.
Planktic foraminiferal δ¹⁸O and δ¹³C record from IODP Hole 320-U1334A.
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P5_205_PAMARCMIP_2017_1704061801, Version 1.
Continuous thermosalinograph oceanography along POLARSTERN cruise track ANT-XXI/2.
Quality-checked, one-minute resolution cruise track of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) undertaken during the austral summer of 2016/2017.
Additional file  of Towards enhancing coral heat tolerance: a “microbiome transplantation” treatment using inoculations of homogenized coral tissues
A comprehensive, quality-controlled and up-to-date data set of temperature and salinity data for the Arctic Mediterranean Sea (Version 1.0), links to data files.
Appendix C. Sediment–water interface effluxes measured in various ecosystems for comparison with data presented in Fig. 6.
Additional file 9 of Differential expression of miRNAs in the presence of B chromosome in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia latifasciata
Rock physic samples from TAG, Mid-Atlantic Ridge, and various onshore samples.
Mesocosm experiment Cape Verde 2012: Data.
Pollen and non-pollen palynomorph data from Lake Iznik, NW Turkey (last 31 ka cal BP).
Pore water and peat geochemistry measured close to Rostock (Germany) in 2015.
Remote sensing quantifies widespread abundance of permafrost region disturbances across the Arctic and Subarctic, RTS dataset.
Monoterpenoids (thymol, carvacrol and S-(+)-linalool) with anesthetic activity in silver catfish (Rhamdia quelen): evaluation of acetylcholinesterase and GABAergic activity
CORA-IBI, Coriolis Ocean Dataset for Reanalysis for the Ireland-Biscay-Iberia region
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20120126Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Influence of flanking genes on Gammaproteobacterial form I and II RubisCO functioning.
Lake Baikal amphipods under climate change: Thermal constraints and ecological consequences, links to supplementary material.
Current measurements on the Laptev Sea shelf in 2013-2014 at mooring site \"1893-T1\".
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2012_sel_a_f_03 from Marion Island.
Calcium concentration from the ice core NGRIP on the GICC05 time scale.
Microstructure measurements during METEOR cruise M119.
MOESM3 of Development of an oligonucleotide dye solution facilitates high throughput and cost-efficient chromosome identification in peanut
Dataset: Critically Examining The Knowledge Base Required To Mechanistically Project Climate Impacts: A Case Study Of Europe'S Fish And Shellfish
Short- and long-term conditioning of a temperate marine diatom community to acidification and warming.
An in situ assessment of local adaptation in a calcifying polychaete froma shallow CO2 vent system.
Additional file 17: Table S12. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Upward looking videos recorded with an ROV under sea ice at station PS80/335-1.
Data for: First identification of cryptotephra from the Kamchatka Peninsula in a Greenland ice core: implications of a widespread marker deposit that links Greenland to the Pacific northwest
Chemical interaction between white onion, as natural antioxidant, on shrimp stored under freezing
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD99-2343.
Measurements of fracture toughness applying a four-point-bending technique of ice core B34 from Kohnen Station, Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica.
Meteorological observations by an automated weather station on Atka Bay land-fast sea ice, 2012-10-02 to 2012-12-27.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and copepod traits and performance.
S33. Cenozoic deep-sea benthic foraminifer stable carbon and oxygen isotope reference splice.
1Hz resolution aircraft measurements of wind and temperature during the ACLOUD campaign in 2017.
Relative abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23400-3.
Beryllium 7 measured under water beneath ice during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2.
Additional file 6 of Chromosome behavior during meiosis in pollen mother cells from Saccharum officinarum × Erianthus arundinaceus F1 hybrids
Carbon and nitrogen contents of Temora longicornis under different nutrient regimes (Version 2).
Thermal plasticity of Laminaria digitata - seasonal growth; recruitment; thermal physiology of juvenile sporophytes.
(Table 1) Near surface water chemistry of south Patagonian waters during spring and winter.
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during Alexander von Humboldt cruise AvH44/02/08/2.
Measurements of halocarbons at the Cape Verde Atmospheric Observatory (CVAO) during POSEIDON cruise POS399/2.
Additional file 1: of Investigating the frequency of triploid Atlantic salmon in wild Norwegian and Russian populations
Additional file 4 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
Clay mineral distribution in surface sediments.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172041.
[RAW VALIDATED DATA] Properties of seawater (pH total scale) from a Satlantic SeaFET instrument mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Large area scan macroscope images of ice core samples (vertical thin sections, full bag measurements) collected from the polar ice core EDML, 2359-2380 m depth (2015).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and mortality and standard length of California Grunion Leuresthes tenuis.
Paleoenvironmental data of sediment core GeoB5804-4 from the northern Red Sea, Gulf of Aqaba.
Global marine chlorophyll-a fluorescence line height monthly 2003-2011 data from SCIAMACHY (netCDF files).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth, chemical defense (phlorotannins) levels of habitat-forming brown seaweed Fucus vesiculosus.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_037 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Methane in NEEM-2011-S1 ice core from North Greenland, 1800 years continuous record: 5 year median, v2.
Additional file 5 of Parallel analysis of miRNAs and mRNAs suggests distinct regulatory networks in Crassostrea gigas infected by Ostreid herpesvirus 1
(Table 1) Radiocarbon age dates and calibrated ages of sediment core GeoB9503-5.
Appendix B. Example of the Ecopath model of the Prince William Sound (1994–1996).
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_036 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and bioerosion of croal reef.
Photophysiological responses of Southern Ocean phytoplankton to changes in CO2 concentrations: Short-term versus acclimation effects.
(Table 2) SSST from polycystine radiolarians and ages of sediment core HM79-4.
Abundance of epibenthic echinoderms at seafloor photography station POS196_1009.
(Table 2) Age determination of sediment core MD99-2283.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit PRM8 (profile D) from Petermann Range.
Additional file 5: of High-resolution and high-precision correlation of dark and light layers in the Quaternary hemipelagic sediments of the Japan Sea recovered during IODP Expedition 346
UVic modelling outputs: Version 2
(Table 1) N-isotope record of planktonc foraminifera of sediment core MD02-2550C2.
Additional file 12 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Additional file 14: of Microtubule polyglutamylation and acetylation drive microtubule dynamics critical for platelet formation
Zooplankton data from multinet measurements during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM22 and METEOR cruises M97 and M105.
Marine radiocarbon reservoir ages for the past 50,000 years, links to model results in NetCDF format.
Glider MOOSE sections
Oxygen penetration depth calculated from Manganese porewater sediment profiles in the Norwegian-Greenland Sea (Table 5.5).
Geochemistry at BIGO station M107_547-1 on given timesteps.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20091128Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Appendix B. Result of Principal Component Analyses for data on the seasonal proportion of flow in rainbow and brown trout generalized linear mixed models.
(Table 2) Age determination of bulk fraction of sediment core MD99-2201.
Additional file 3: of Metagenome-assembled genomes uncover a global brackish microbiome
Controlled-source electromagnetic data from the TAG hydrothermal field, 26N Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
Additional file 2: of An evolutionary approach to recover genes predominantly expressed in the testes of the zebrafish, chicken and mouse
Chlorofluorocarbons, Noble Gases and Tritium measurements during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXII/3 - Filchner-Ronne Ice Shelf.
Long-term time-series of mesozooplankton biomass in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2005-2006.
Amino acid and carbohydrate patterns across Fram Strait during POLARSTERN cruise PS107.
Data of photosynthesis and mineralogy of Jania rubens at low pH/high pCO2.
For each predictor variable, the variable importance score (summing to 100) and the ranking is shown, for regional results and for each port.
Influence of model bias on simulating North Atlantic sea surface temperature during the mid-Pliocene.
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2005-2006. Part 3.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2006.
Physical oceanography during METEOR cruise M11/5 on section A12.
Wind stress-induced multiyear predictability of annual extratropical North Atlantic sea surface temperature anomalies.
Data from: Space use of bumblebees (Bombus spp.) revealed by radio-tracking
Supplementary Data to Dual clumped isotope thermometry resolves kinetic biases in carbonate formation temperatures
Radium isotopes and 228Th in water column samples collected on POLARSTERN expedition PS94.
Seasonality in pH and temperature for shallow zones of the Bering Sea from measurements of coral Clathromorphum nereostratum.
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during Alexander von Humboldt cruise AvH44/02/11.
Supplement 4. Unpublished data analysis of Missouri Raccoon study by Virginia Lee Sharpe, approximately 1943 (PDF of original report).
Horizontal, vertical and stakeholder integration in the MSP processes in Belgium, Norway and the US.
Additional file 2 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Additional file 9: Table S8. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Additional file 11 of Host habitat is the major determinant of the gut microbiome of fish
Additional file 12 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Foraminifera assemblages from POLARSTERN cruise ARK-X/2 sampled at the central East Greenland shelf (Foster Bugt).
Mineral dust deposition in interglacial and glacial climate conditions: model results.
Meiofauna abundances in sediments from the Storegga Slide (Norwegian Sea) obtained during the VICKING expedition in 2006.
Dry weight and carbon and nitrogen content of mesozooplankton during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Appendix B. Relationship between pairwise geographic distances and genetic differentiation estimates among samples of the coral reef fish H. puella genotyped at 10 microsatellite loci.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110311Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table A1) 10Be, coarse fraction, clay and bulk density of sediment core GIK23059-1.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_029 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Supplementary Data and Codes: \"Blue mussel shell shape plasticity and natural environments: a quantitative approach\"
ceste - the non-spatial ancillary to CESTES - data for Community Ecology: Species, Traits and Environment
Biomass of dinoflagellates and ciliates at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2007.
Data from: Mate choice in sticklebacks reveals that immunogenes can drive ecological speciation
Microbial and molecular description of the sea surface microlayer off Mauritania during POSEIDON cruise POS519, Jan/Feb 2018.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_039 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Total dissolved organic carbon and total dissolved nitrogen in sediment pore water of the central Arctic Ocean collected during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 from August-September 2012.
Additional file 16: Figure S6. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcifying fluid carbonate chemistry, shell length of Mussel larvae.
Age and x-ray fluorescence measurements of sediment core GeoB7608-1.
Data from: Concentrations and ratios of particulate organic carbon, nitrogen, and phosphorus in the global ocean
Optical density (median) by all particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/032-1.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_007 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
TerraSAR-X DInSAR displacement map of Kurungnakh Island (Lena River Delta, Siberia) in summer 2013, link to GeoTIFF file.
Interpolated Global surface ocean carbon dioxide partial pressure and ocean-atmosphere fluxes 1992-2018, corrected for surface temperature deviations.
Appendix F. Results from the multi-model fits.
Fig. 28 in The Cumacea of the Puritan Expedition
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110716Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table A4) 10Be, coarse fraction, clay and bulk density of sediment core PS1524-2.
Mg, Ca, Cl ICPMS concentrations in 55cm-resolution of RECAP ice core.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and particulate organic and inorganic carbon, growth of Emiliania huxleyi.
Appendix E. The biogeographic species pool model: illustration of the clusters.
Appendix D. Pairwise Pearson correlation coefficients between the commercial and ecological traits considered in the meta-analysis.
Long-term chemical characterization of aerosols at CVAO from 2007 to 2011.
Global dataset on the presence of debris in nests of seabirds.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR6_MTB_27.
P-wave velocity from different Holes of IODP Expedition 354.
Additional file 2 of Impact of polymorphic transposable elements on transcription in lymphoblastoid cell lines from public data
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes of Mytilus edulis during experiments, 2011.
(Table 2) Seasonal flux data and percentages of major bulk components of total flux at the mesotrophic sediment trap site CB from 1988 - 2012.
Data for: Stable isotope disequilibrium in the juvenile portion of bivalve shells biases the seawater temperatures reconstructions
Data for: Oceanic fronts control the distribution of dissolved barium in the Southern Ocean
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_025 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Grain size effects on excess Thorium-230 of sediment cores from the Southern Ocean and the South East Atlantic.
Additional file 8: Table S4. of Transcription analysis of neonicotinoid resistance in Mediterranean (MED) populations of B. tabaci reveal novel cytochrome P450s, but no nAChR mutations associated with the phenotype
(Table A2) Stable isotope and geochemical data obtained on sediment core SO164-17-2 for the time interval comprising Marine Isotope Stage (MIS) 5.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes of Limacina helicina during experiments, 2011.
Aerosol measurements during POSEIDON cruise POS399.
(Table 2) Radiocarbon dates from lakes on Fildes Peninsula, King George Island.
Continuous 25-years aerosol records at coastal Antarctica: Part I. Variability and climate implications of ionic compounds.
Height, maximum width and volume of buried cold-water coral mounds of the Atlantic Moroccan coral province.
Hydrographical time series data of the littoral zone of Kongsfjorden, Svalbard 2013.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2006_sel_s_m_03 from Marion Island.
Falkland Island seabird stable isotope data.
Forest inventories on circular plots on the expedition Chukotka 2018, NE Russia.
MOESM1 of Paleomagnetic direction and paleointensity variations during the MatuyamaâBrunhes polarity transition from a marine succession in the Chiba composite section of the Boso Peninsula, central Japan
Additional file 3: of Evolution of blue-flowered species of genus Linum based on high-throughput sequencing of ribosomal RNA genes
Additional file 6: of Discovery and annotation of a novel transposable element family in Gossypium
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_033 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Meteorological observations at Bayelva Station in 2019 (level 1).
Foraminifera isotopes of sediment core PS1243-1.
Appendix L. Supporting references.
Bulk isotope data set supporting the manuscript: \"Stable nitrogen isotope analysis of amino acids as a new tool to clarify complex parasite-host interactions within marine food webs\"ekenberg_Joling_Isobank_4.csv
(Table 2) Nd-Sr isotopic compositions of bulk leach fractions in Eocene sediment from IODP Exp302.
Abundance of epibenthic echinoderms at seafloor photography station POS196_1024.
Calibrated data of stable water isotope measurements in water vapour at 8 m a.s.l. on the starboard side of the ship, made in the austral summer of 2016/2017 around the Southern Ocean during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
Carbon, nitrogen, stable carbon isotopes and radionuclides in the sediment core C24 from Central Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
Data from: Individuals with higher metabolic rates have lower levels of reactive oxygen species hydrogen peroxide in vivo
Supporting data for \"Benchmarking taxonomic assignments based on 16S rRNA gene profiling of the microbiota from commonly sampled environments\"
Continuous thermosalinograph oceanography along POLARSTERN cruise track ANT-XV/4.
FESOM Arctic Ocean sea ice concentration and thickness 1995-2014, links to movies in mp4 format.
Press release_RSBL-2019-0182_R2.odt from A global metabarcoding analysis expands molecular diversity of Platyhelminthes and reveals novel early-branching clades
(Table 2) In situ sediment temperature measurements in pockmark A with temperatures probes during the Guineco-MeBo cruise.
Dataset S2 from Explaining the ocean's richest biodiversity hotspot and global patterns of fish diversity
Radon 222 excess measured on water bottle samples during HEINCKE cruise HE153.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/024-12.
Additional file 1 of Identification of long non-coding transcripts with feature selection: a comparative study
Seawater carbonate chemistry and shell thickness, shell dissolution of Limacina helicina pteropods.
Water temperature reconstructions based on paired Uk'37 and Tex86 records, and paired surface and subsurface Mg/Ca records.
Additional file 6: of A-to-I editing of Malacoherpesviridae RNAs supports the antiviral role of ADAR1 in mollusks
Classification accuracy for the expert, the simulated citizen scientist annotations, and the CS primer-experiment.
Hydrochemistry of water samples during METEOR cruise M80/2.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/032-5.
Intercalibrated dataset of in situ dissolved organic matter fluorescence from ice tethered profile 48 in the Central Arctic (2011-2012).
(S1 Table) Presence and absence response data of Vazella pourtalesi collected between 1997 and 2017.
Ocean acidification and increased temperature have both positive and negative effects on early ontogenetic traits of a rocky shore keystone predator species.
Interactive effects of ocean acidification and nitrogen limitation on two bloom-forming dinoflagellate species.
Theme Similarity Matrix, songs from Migratory insights from singing humpback whales recorded around central New Zealand
Appendix C. Duration of each species to reach carrying capacity.
Data for: Ar/Ar petrochronology of amphibole-biotite pairs in Terre Adélie Craton (East Antarctica): evidence of multiple Proterozoic (1.7-1.5 Ga) deformation phases and connexion with the Gawler and Laurentia cratons
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth, carbon acquisition, and species interaction of Antarctic phytoplankton species in a laboratory experiment.
Impact of elevated pCO2 on paralytic shellfish poisoning toxin content and composition in Alexandrium tamarense.
Additional file 1 of Transcriptomic SNP discovery for custom genotyping arrays: impacts of sequence data, SNP calling method and genotyping technology on the probability of validation success
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_817-1.
In situ measurements of freeze/thaw ground displacement in the Lena River Delta, 2013-2017, using steel pipes.
Additional file 10 of FishDB: an integrated functional genomics database for fishes
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO239_172-1_AUV16 (Abyss_182) during SONNE cruise SO239.
Abundance of epibenthic echinoderms at seafloor photography station POS196_1017.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_026 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
The swimming kinematics of larval Atlantic cod, Gadus morhua L., are resilient to elevated seawater pCO2.
Nematode absolute genus abundances from multicorer samples during SONNE cruise SO239 in the Clarion Clipperton Fracture Zone (northeast Pacific).
(Table 4) Carbonate associated lipid biomarker contents and compound specific δ¹³C from METEOR cruise M74/3 in 2007.
Results of the classification performed with conditional trees for plaice.
Air-flow distortion bias factors of the port and starboard anemometers of the Akademik Tryoshnikov estimated during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) legs 0-4 undertaken during the austral summer of 2016/2017.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0165-1.
(Fig. 4) Multiproxy data set of box core MSM5/5-712-1.
Additional file 5 of Cytosine methylation of mature microRNAs inhibits their functions and is associated with poor prognosis in glioblastoma multiforme
Homogenized radiosonde record at station Ny-Ålesund, Spitsbergen in 2003.
Sea-ice meiofauna (>10 µm) abundance in Arctic pack ice north of Svalbard during the Polarstern expedition PS92 in 2015.
Megafauna presence/absence matrix with Associated Environmental and Spatial Parameters in the Faroe-Shetland Channel.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, the abiotic conditions in the fluid surrounding the embryo, growth, calcification of the cuttlefish Sepia officinalis in a laboratory experiment.
Additional file 2: of A Go-type opsin mediates the shadow reflex in the annelid Platynereis dumerilii
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/086.
Additional file 5: of Metagenome-assembled genomes uncover a global brackish microbiome
Data exploring the effects of food availability on growth of sea bass reared under environmental stressors of ocean acidification and warming
Aboveground community and species-specific plant biomass from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2009).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and benthic foraminiferal assemblage counts from the Gulf of California.
Marine Isotope Stage (MIS) 11 results of model data with Community Climate System Model version 3 including the Dynamic Global Vegetation Model (CCSM3-DGVM) in NetCDF format at global and regional scale.
Additional file 7: of Exploring the floristic diversity of tropical Africa
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172050.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20091214Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Supplementary figure 6 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
(Table 1) Krill (Euphausia superba) biomass estimates at South Georgia Island from 2001-2005.
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P6_217_ICEBIRD_2019_1904071201, Version 1.
Appendix D. Mean absolute richness values after three and twelve months represented using an additive partitioning model.
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments: Magnetic Island sulfate reduction.
Appendix B. Source, spatial resolution, and temporal resolution of ocean climate and ocean productivity variables.
d30Si signatures (%) of surface sediments off Peru.
General features of complete genomes and putative host assignment.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and physiological, biochemical, cellular, behavioural and reproductive responses of the sea urchin Paracentrotus lividus.
MOESM2 of Development of an oligonucleotide dye solution facilitates high throughput and cost-efficient chromosome identification in peanut
Marine Litter quantities on six Beaches of northern Svalbard in 2016 determined by citizen scientists.
2. Last Interglacial benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes from sediment core GeoB7925-1.
Danube freshwater species distribution models.
(Table 2) Megafauna density 2002, 2004 and 2007 in the deep-sea observatory AWI-HAUSGARTEN, Fram Strait.
Compilation of planktonic foraminifera census counts in marine surface sediment samples (ForCenS).
Coccosphere-units of hydrographic station PS31/002.
Testing Antarctic resilience: the effects of elevated seawater temperature and decreased pH on two gastropod species.
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_112.
Gridded surface elevation changes from multi-mission satellite altimetry 1978-2017.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_019 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_047 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and pteropod Limacina helicina antarctica shell dissolution during experiments, 2012.
Radiative energy budget, cloud radiative forcing, LWP, and cloud-free albedo derived from airborne broadband irradiance observations during AFLUX flight on 11 April 2019 (subset).
Additional file 4: of A probabilistic algorithm to process geolocation data
U-Th, 14C and d11B results for Holocene North Atlantic deep sea corals (Lophelia pertusa), 2011.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD02-2589.
Paleorecords from MD02-2575 (Figure 2).
Data from: Genetic signatures of ecological diversity along an urbanization gradient
Genetic and morphologic data of diatoms from Arctic surface sediments.
Additional file 5: Table S3. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Physico-chemical data including methane concentrations, as well as methane oxidation rates, measured at time-series station Boknis Eck (Baltic Sea) from 2012-2014.
(Fig. 4) Stable isotopes of Globigerinoides bulloides of sediment core MD95-2041.
Biogeochemistry of Mesocosms during METEOR cruise M77/3.
Additional file 6: Dataset S1. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Intercalibrated dataset of in situ dissolved organic matter fluorescence from ice tethered profile 60 in the Central Arctic (2012).
Glacial Ocean Map (GLOMAP).
Sea-surface and thermocline temperature reconstruction from sediment core MD05-2904.
(Fig. 5) Distribution and stable isotope record of foraminifera, and ice-rafted debris of sediment core PS1230-1 (fig 5).
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO242/1_88-1_AUV11 (Abyss_197) during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110501Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Bulk carbonate stable oxygen isotope ratios of IODP Hole 303-U1305C.
Coral oxygen isotope and Sr/Ca data from the Northern Gulf of Aqaba (modern), sample AQ2.
Colored dissolved organic matter (CDOM) measured during cruise TRANSDRIFT-XXI, Laptev Sea.
Sponge species collected in Kane’ohe Bay (O’ahu Island, Hawai’i).
Microsatellite marker data for 8 nuclear microsatellite loci from Dahurian larch (Larix gmelinii) individuals sampled at site TY04VI on the Taymyr Peninsula, north-central Siberia.
Pore water geochemistry of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station PS74/172-1_PUC-136 (Sample 8, old flow surface).
Iron K-edge X-ray absorption spectroscopy of dust particles from the Talos Dome ice core (East Antarctica) and Jarosite abundance.
(Table 1) Magnetostratigraphy of sediment core 34KL cruise SO 67-1.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Khatanga-0809 in the Laptev Sea.
delta Deuterium measured on ice core EDC on AICC2012 chronology.
Raw multibeam bathymetry data collected around Siple Island in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_040 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Physical oceanography from glider mission ifm11_depl04 (old version).
Additional file 24 of The round goby genome provides insights into mechanisms that may facilitate biological invasions
Remote sensing quantifies widespread abundance of permafrost region disturbances across the Arctic and Subarctic, Fire dataset.
Mg/Ca and Sr/Ca ratios of planktonic foraminifera from North Atlantic surface sediments.
(Table 2) Radiometric data of sediment core PG1900, Lake Donggi Cona.
Marine fish traits follow fast-slow continuum across oceans
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2004).
The MAREDAT global database of high performance liquid chromatography marine pigment measurements - Gridded data product (NetCDF) - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
Additional file 3 of Unveiling protist diversity associated with the Pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas using blocking and excluding primers
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20120223Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and physiological tipping point of sea urchin larvae in a laboratory experiment.
Spider crab Hyas araneus larval dry weight, C/N ratio and developmental time during experiments from different latitudes (54° vs 79°N), 2010.
Data for: Nonlinear dynamics of the near-shore boundary layer of a large lake (Lake Geneva)
Multibeam bathymetry processed data (Kongsberg EM 122 entire dataset, MB-System data format) of RV MARIA S. MERIAN during cruise MSM24.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit DallSW1830 (profile A) from Dallmann Berge.
Spatial predictions of pingo, ice-wedge polygon and rock glacier occurrence across the circumpolar permafrost region for recent and future periods.
Snow surface accumulation measured using Bamboo stake measurents, EastGRIP camp Greenland, May 2016.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_024 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table S1) Age determination of sediment cores from the Labrador Sea.
(Exp. 2) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/095.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, growth rate and processes during experiments with Coccolithus pelagicus and Calcidiscus leptoporus, 2006.
Additional file 3: of Analysis of coastal cod (Gadus morhua L.) sampled on spawning sites reveals a genetic gradient throughout Norway’s coastline
Aerosol size distribution between 16 and 950 nm at Neumayer III station during the year 2017.
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P6_217_ICEBIRD_2019_1904081301, Version 1.
Data for: The Moroccan Anti-Atlas ophiolites: Timing and melting processes in an intra-oceanic arc-back-arc environment
Marginal rate of substitution between natural capital and man-made capital for MPAs with top down and bottom-up management regimes.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and mass and fine-scale morphological changes of Coccolith Gephyrocapsa oceanica.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_001 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Hydrographical time series data of Helgoland, Southern North Sea, 2018.
Additional file 7: of Transcriptomic response to parasite infection in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) depends on rearing density
Digital elevation model (DEM) of the ice sheet in western Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica.
Seismic refraction survey on the eastern flank of the Juan de Juca Ridge during SONNE cruise SO111.
Set of terrain (static in time) and environmental (dynamic in time) variables used as candidate predictors of present-day (1951-2000) and future (2081-2100) suitable habitat of cold-water corals and deep-sea fishes in the North Atlantic.
Concentration and grain-size of dust particles from ice sections of the Talos Dome ice core (East Antarctica).
(Exp. 10) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
(Table 2) Dissolved organic and inorganic nutrients, chlorophyll a, and bacteria abundance under experimental pCO2 conditions.
Database from Cognitive appraisal in fish: stressor predictability modulates the physiological and neurobehavioural stress response in sea bass
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_443-2.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD01-2390.
Supplementary Material for: Molecular Cytogenetics and Comparative Mapping in Goats (Capra hircus, 2n = 60)
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/006-22.
Additional file 8: of Exploring the floristic diversity of tropical Africa
Nematode abundance in cold seep sediments of the Darwin mud volcano.
(Supplementary Table 2) Phylogenetic affiliation of bacterial strains isolated from Halichondria panacea.
Geochemical data from in-situ peeper sampling MSM21/4_647-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biomass and pteropod metabolism.
(Appendix C) Branched and isoprenoid tetraether index (BIT) of sediment core GeoB16224-1.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core C26 from Central Segara Anakan, Indonesia.
OSI-450
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and photosynthetic performances of a green tide alga Ulva linza.
(Figure 2) C31 δ¹³C, %C3 vegetation, wet season length and mean annual rainfall for tropical western Africa: mean values for Last Glacial Maximum, Heinrich Stadial 1, mid-Holocene and late Holocene timeslices.
Dataset from Developmental plasticity of the stress response in female but not in male guppies.
(Table 2) Thickness characteristics of different shell layers of Mytilus galloprovincialis at the experimental site B1 and control site C.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_002 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 6 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Length and width measurements of Fragilariopsis kerguelensis valves from sediment core PS1768-8.
Molecular formulae with CHONSP elements from POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in 2012.
(Appendix 1e) Comparison of stable isotope measurements of ODP Hole 160-964A.
Planktonic foraminifera shell flux data from sediment trap IRM-1.
Appendix C. SR, LR, and RLR calculated from empirical data.
Appendix E. Photos of an example time series of community development in each region.
(Table 2) Radiocarbon dates from Lake Billyakh.
Additional file 8 of Integrative microRNAome analysis of skeletal muscle of Colossoma macropomum (tambaqui), Piaractus mesopotamicus (pacu), and the hybrid tambacu, based on next-generation sequencing data
Rare earth elements determined in ice core EDML by inductively coupled plasma sector field mass spectrometry (ICP-SF-MS).
Data from: Neither philopatric nor panmictic: microsatellite and mtDNA evidence suggests lack of natal homing but limits to dispersal in Pacific lamprey
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Potter_Cove_STA16.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20091019Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD99-2284.
Thickness and properties of sea ice and snow of land-fast sea ice in Atka Bay in 2019.
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 2005-2006. Part 1.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD02-2515.
(Appendix 6) Stable oxygen isotope record of Globigerina bulloides and abundance of Neogloboquadrina pachyderma in sediment core MD95-2041.
Stand-alone soil temperature sensor (Hobo 4) measurements between August 2018 to August 2019 at a boreal forest site in the region of Lena-Viluy in Eastern Siberia.
Additional file 8: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Spicule measurements of Callyspongia (C.) diffusa.
Crabeater seals (Lobodon carcinophaga) in the Weddell Sea during DRE1998 campaign, with link to shapefiles of filtered and unfiltered seal locations for ArcGIS visualisation.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and respiration of blue crab Callinectes sapidus.
Plant height along the plant diversity gradient in the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2003).
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/118-2.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/004 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Appendix B. Spatial and temporal associations between the time-averaged settler density of goldspot and bridled gobies.
Data from: Species introduction promotes hybridization and introgression in Coregonus: is there sign of selection against hybrids?
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2008).
Sedimentation rate of sediment core GIK23063-3.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172049.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M137_791-1.
Nematode abundances in sediments from the Håkon Mosby Mud Volcano (HMMV) obtained during expeditions with Polarstern and Pourquoi Pas?
Phenotypical responses of Fucus vesiculosus germlings to warming, acidification, nutrient enrichment and local upwelling under natural fluctuations (July - September 2014) - Growth rate - OAW x N experiment.
Additional file 8 of Unveiling protist diversity associated with the Pacific oyster Crassostrea gigas using blocking and excluding primers
Numerical modeling of marine radiocarbon reservoir ages during the last deglaciation.
Aluminium model output from Quantifying trace element and isotope fluxes at the ocean-sediment boundary: a review
Physical oceanography from CTD during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM20/4 in spring 2012.
Appendix A. A table and map of the study site locations.
Thorium isotopes in the water column at station PS94/068.
(Table 2) Recovery and loss through the fractionation process.
Spicule measurements of Tedania (T.) ignis.
MOESM1 of First record of the non-indigenous jellyfish Blackfordia virginica (Mayer, 1910) in the Baltic Sea
Additional file 8: Table S3. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Additional file 2: Figure S1. of Karyotype differentiation in 19 species of river loach fishes (Nemacheilidae, Teleostei): extensive variability associated with rDNA and heterochromatin distribution and its phylogenetic and ecological interpretation
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_439-3.
Copper, zinc, mercury and arsenic content in Micropogonias furnieri and Mugil platanus of the Montevideo coastal zone, Río de la Plata
Additional file 3: of Polygenic sex determination in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia burtoni
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100905Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 6 of Differential expression of miRNAs in the presence of B chromosome in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia latifasciata
Sediment temperatures of the Håkon Mosby mud volcano measured continuously with a short temperature lance (LOOME).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and net community calcification, production and respiration of coral reef.
Metadata und statistic analysis of archaeal and bacterial sequences originating from sediments of the Håkon Mosby mud volcano (all habitats).
MOESM3 of Evolutionary loss of melanogenesis in the tunicate Molgula occulta
Additional file 3 of Taxonomic and functional analyses of intact microbial communities thriving in extreme, astrobiology-relevant, anoxic sites
Additional file 6 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100118Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
(Table A3) Age-depth points for core SO201-2-101.
Sediment temperatures of the Håkon Mosby mud volcano measured continuously with a long temperature lance (LOOME).
Additional file 5: of Genome sequence and effectorome of Moniliophthora perniciosa and Moniliophthora roreri subpopulations
Quality control and other metadata of British dataset.
Northern hemispheric land ice distribution outside of Greenland during the Quaternary.
Dataset on fouling organisms and measurements from Macrofouling communities and the degradation of plastic bags in the sea: an in situ experiment.
Additional file 2: of What makes a bad egg? Egg transcriptome reveals dysregulation of translational machinery and novel fertility genes important for fertilization
(Table 3) Relative abundances in percentages of attached and free-living microbesa from water sample station GeoB15704-2.
Supplementary Material for: Diversity and Karyotypic Evolution in the Genus Neacomys (Rodentia, Sigmodontinae)
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100127Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry measured in fjord Comau, Patagonia, Chile (02-2011).
MPI-ESM-wiso simulations data for preindustrial and mid-Holocene conditions.
Appendix K. Ranked relative abundances of observed piscivore species at each study atoll.
(Table 2) Rate of reduction in cell size (apical length) and growth rate for seven Fragilariopsis kerguelensis strains sampled during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXI/3.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_033 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site OuterShelf-1112 in the Laptev Sea.
Additional file 2: of A de novo approach to disentangle partner identity and function in holobiont systems
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/026-1.
Additional file 6 of Genome evolution during bread wheat formation unveiled by the distribution dynamics of SSR sequences on chromosomes using FISH
Ocean acidification and temperature increase impact mussel shell shape and thickness: problematic for protection?
Ocean current connectivity propelling secondary spread of a marine invasive comb jelly across western Eurasia.
Kidney anatomy, histology and histometric traits associated to renosomatic index in Gymnotus inaequilabiatus (Gymnotiformes: Gymnotidae)
Appendix B. A table of values of the weights from the input layer to the hidden layer and from the hidden layer to the output layer of the model of the ratio of gross primary production to community respiration (GPP:CR) developed in this study based on an artificial neural network (ANN).
Foraminifera isotopes of sediment core PS1243-2.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and hypoxia tolerance and blood chemistry characteristics of European sea bass.
Trace elements from Bodudd section in Gotland, Sweden.
Planktonic foraminifera census counts from the western South Atlantic.
Appendix C. A figure presenting the elasticity of growth rate to survival and reproductive-related vital rates.
Compilation of flux rates from mooring locations in the North Atlantic (page 135).
(Table 1) The 10Be and 9Be isotope record of IODP EXP202 composite Site.
(Table 1) Alkenones and GDGT analysis for core-top sediments from the southern Adriatic Sea.
Physical oceanography during METEOR cruise M107.
Hydrochemistry of water samples during METEOR cruise M90.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core SO136-003GC.
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P6_217_ICEBIRD_2019_1904051001, Version 1.
Argon-39 data from water samples during METEOR cruise M116/1.
Intercalibrated dataset of in situ dissolved organic matter fluorescence from ice tethered profile 69 in the Central Arctic (2013-2014).
Miocene stable isotope record of benthic foraminifera from IODP Site 320-U1336.
Importance of dam-free stretches for fish reproduction: the last remnant in the Upper Paraná River
Genotoxicity effects on Geophagus brasiliensis fish exposed to Doce River water after the environmental disaster in the city of Mariana, MG, Brazil
Additional file 12: Figure S7. of Karyotype differentiation in 19 species of river loach fishes (Nemacheilidae, Teleostei): extensive variability associated with rDNA and heterochromatin distribution and its phylogenetic and ecological interpretation
Input parameters most impacting output variables.
Digital elevation model in the vicinity of the EDML deep-drilling site.
Additional file 11: Figure S6. of Karyotype differentiation in 19 species of river loach fishes (Nemacheilidae, Teleostei): extensive variability associated with rDNA and heterochromatin distribution and its phylogenetic and ecological interpretation
Lowered Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (LADCP) raw data collected during POLARSTERN cruise PS100.
Remote sensing reflectance obtained from spectral underwater upwelling radiance and solar downwelling irradiance measurements during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVI/3 (PS78).
Day-to-day changes in the snow surface height derived from digital elevation models at the EGRIP camp site in 2018.
Additional file 8: Table S6. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Appendix L. Null and observed AUCr for median PDAR/SAR.
(Table 1) Age determination on sediment long core MD95-2011 and box core JM97-948/2A.
Supplementary Material for: Physical Mapping of 20 Unmapped Fragments of the Btau_4.0 Genome Assembly in Cattle, Sheep and River Buffalo
Total abundance of phytoplankton at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2015.
Interactive effects of salinity and elevated CO2 levels on juvenile eastern oysters, Crassostrea virginica.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/017 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Organic matter and bacteria measurements of POLARSTERN cruise PS114 and Maria S. Merian cruise MSM77.
Number and biovolume of particles, as well as aggregate, phytoplankton and zooplankton biovolume measured with an underwater vision profiler 5 (UVP5) during METEOR cruise M96.
Additional file 2: of Evolution of blue-flowered species of genus Linum based on high-throughput sequencing of ribosomal RNA genes
Upward looking videos recorded with an ROV under sea ice at station PS80/323-1.
23. Western African annual and seasonal rainfall anomalies simulated by the CCSM3 global climate model during the Last Interglacial: accelerated transient simulation (130-115 ka).
Pore water geochemistry of sediment core Maxwell_Bay_STA06.
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_047.
Biomarker abundance and sea surface temperature reconstructions for IODP Hole 306-U1313B.
Table 1: Technetium-99 in seawater in the West Spitsbergen Current and adjacent areas, sorted from east to west.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Vilkitzkii1-1416 in the Laptev Sea.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and community composition and production of of algal communities.
Appendix A. Effects of spatially variable LEP values.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of Fish connectivity mapping: linking chemical stressors by their mechanisms of action-driven transcriptomic profiles
Additional file 2: of A DNA vaccine encoding the viral hemorrhagic septicemia virus genotype IVb glycoprotein confers protection in muskellunge (Esox masquinongy), rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss), brown trout (Salmo trutta), and lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush)
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes duirng experiments with bryozoan Myriapora truncata, 2010.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172028.
(Table 3) Age determination of sediment core GeoB6730-1.
Bulk organic geochemistry of Hole 302-M0002A.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO239_79-1_AUV7 (Abyss_173) during SONNE cruise SO239.
Otolith microstructure analysis on Sprattus sprattus trawled during HEINCKE cruise HE221.
Comparison of Inorganic Carbon System Parameters Measured in the Atlantic Ocean from 1990 to 1998 and Recommended Adjustments
Additional file 1: Table S1. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Localization of ion-regulatory epithelia in embryos and hatchlings of two cephalopods.
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_023.
Data from: Wave-Current Interactions at Meso and Submesoscales: Insights from Idealized Numerical Simulations
MOESM8 of Exploratory analysis of transposable elements expression in the C. elegans early embryo
d30Si signatures and biogenic opal content (%) of sediment core M772_003-2 off Peru (piston corer).
Airborne measurements during POLAR 5 campaign ACLOUD in 2017 with links to raw data files.
(Fig. 3) Methane of ice core EDC.
(Table S2) Volcano-stratigraphic synchronisation B32 vs. EDML vs. EDC, Antarctica.
(Table 2) Age determination of sediment core GeoB6725-1.
Global distributions of diazotrophs Gamma-A nifH genes abundance - Depth integrated values computed from a collection of source datasets - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
Temperature, electrical conductivity, DOC, CDOM, stable water isotopes and major ions of Lena River water from April 2018 to April 2019.
(Table 2) Age determinations on sediment core W8709A-8.
Data for: A robust calibration of the Δ47-T relationship for foraminifers
Stomach content of Sprattus sprattus during ALKOR cruise AL217.
6) (Figure 3) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-13-AI.1, 125.8 ka.
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments: Sediment characteristics.
World Squid Fisheries
(Table 1) Radiocarbon age of sediment core GeoB7616-4.
Transnational Corporations as ‘Keystone Actors’ in Marine Ecosystems
Metadata record for: TOFF, a database of traits of fish to promote advances in fish aquaculture
Simulated ocean velocity at 420 m water depth for pre-industrial, glacial, Pliocene, and Miocene climate states.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_055 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 2 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Western Indian Ocean blue whale dataset
Quality-checked, one-hour resolution cruise track of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) undertaken during the austral summer of 2016/2017.
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during HEINCKE cruise HE181.
Stable isotope record of planktic foraminifera in marine sediment core IODP Site U1385 covering MIS 9e – 11c.
A Laurentian provenance for the Dalradian rocks of north Mayo, Ireland, and evidence for an original basement–cover contact                  with the underlying Annagh Gneiss Complex
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1995-1999. Part 1.
Plant height along the plant diversity gradient in the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2007).
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_016 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/026-8.
Additional file 3 of Dissecting the factors shaping fish skin microbiomes in a heterogeneous inland water system
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/083.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and conceptacle abundance and size of coralline algae Hydrolithon reinboldii.
Posterior distributions of the Bayesian state-space model fitted to the temporal series of acoustic detection generated by 6 individuals of pearly razorfish, Xyrichtys novacula, tracked in 2011 to estimate the home range movement parameters (the exploration rate of the home range k, in min-1), the radius of the circular home range (in m) and the latitude and the longitude in UTM).
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during ALKOR cruise AL219.
Additional file 6 of Comparison between transcriptomic responses to short-term stress exposures of a common Holarctic and endemic Lake Baikal amphipods
Abundance, biomass and secondary production of benthic megafauna on the Barents Sea shelf in 2008 and 2009.
Per station summaries of acoustic water column properties during MALASPINA-2010.
Limacina helicina size weight relationship in Kongsfjorden Svalbard, May 2009.
New karyotype records for the genus Proechimys (Rodentia: Echimyidae) from Brazilian Amazonia
Stable oxygen isotope ratios of Globigerinoides ruber in MIS 16 of IODP Hole 306-U1313B.
Distribution of marine litter at bathyal and abyssal depths at the Catalan margin. By-catch of various trawl catches during the expedition PROMETEO 4 on the research vessel Garcia del Cid.
Data for: The impact of MC-ICP-MS plasma conditions on the accuracy and precision of stable isotope measurements evaluated for barium isotopes
Additional file 3: of Seasonal and algal diet-driven patterns of the digestive microbiota of the European abalone Haliotis tuberculata, a generalist marine herbivore
Additional file 4: of Satellite DNA in Paphiopedilum subgenus Parvisepalum as revealed by high-throughput sequencing and fluorescent in situ hybridization
UK`37 alkenones and SST of ODP Hole 175-1078C.
d11B and metal/Ca ratios versus size fractions in the Surface and deep dwelling species, ODP Holes 130-806B and 108-664C.
Aboveground plant community and species-specific vegetation cover from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2005).
230Th, 232Th, 238U, 234U, barium, opal content, water-free density, 230Th-CRS dates and vertical fluxes for sediment core PS63/146-2 (POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XX/2).
Profiles_Turbulence_metrics_Readme from Characterization of the vertical evolution of the three-dimensional turbulence for fatigue design of tidal turbines. 23 April 2020
Additional file 2: Table S2. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Additional file 10: of Identification of the meiotic toolkit in diatoms and exploration of meiosis-specific SPO11 and RAD51 homologs in the sexual species Pseudo-nitzschia multistriata and Seminavis robusta
Elemental composition of ODP site 108-659.
(Table 1) Shell stable oxygen isotopes and Mg/Ca ratios of various planktic foraminifera species, and alkenone-derived sea surface temperatures in surface sediments from the eastern tropical Indian Ocean.
Hydrophone component of Ocean bottom recording sgy-files of seismic refraction and wide angle data from profile 1172 and 2222 of expedition MGL1307 and POSEIDON cruise POS453 with links to data files.
Dinoflagellate cyst assemblages of IODP Hole 303-U1308C.
Valuation of the selected marine management attributes.
Remote sensing reflectance obtained from spectral underwater upwelling radiance and in air solar downwelling irradiance measurements during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVI/3 (PS78).
Additional file 2: Table S2. of A new SNP-based vision of the genetics of sex determination in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax)
MOESM2 of Genome-wide association and genomic prediction of resistance to viral nervous necrosis in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax) using RAD sequencing
Additional file 1 of High-throughput quantification of protein structural change reveals potential mechanisms of temperature adaptation in Mytilus mussels
3D models created from the ROV videos at station PS69/724-1 and their corresponding subtransect dimensions.
Stable oxygen and carbon isotopes of Cibicidoides wuellerstorfi of sediment core HYIV2015-B9 from China Sea.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and coccolithophore abundances and CaCO3 concentrations during the 2013 MedSeA mesocosm experiment.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core KC073.
Additional file 4: of High-resolution and high-precision correlation of dark and light layers in the Quaternary hemipelagic sediments of the Japan Sea recovered during IODP Expedition 346
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML03C98_09.
Appendix E. Statistical analyses.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/204-1.
Simulated change in the future carbon cycle under high CO2 emission and ocean alkalinization.
FISP/FISS Filcher Ronne Ice Shelf cavity (Southern Weddell Sea, Antartcica) oceanographic mooring and ice shelf basal melt rate radar data from 2015 to 2019, processed and low-pass filtered.
Human and climatic drivers affect spatial fishing patterns in a multiple-use marine protected area: The Galapagos Marine Reserve
Appendix D. Comparison with the method of Cornell et al. (2007).
ESM1: Trace chain plots for MCMC models, demonstrating chain convergence for both prey species, Chromis viridis and Dascyllus aruanus. (see attached figure) from Intraspecific variation in body size does not alter the effects of mesopredators on prey
Seawater carbonate chemistry and clearance rate, absorption efficiency, oxygen uptake rate and scope for growth of the oyster Ostrea chilensis.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO242/1_102-1_AUV13 (Abyss_199) during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Supplementary Material for: Nuclear Bud Formation: A Novel Manifestation of Zidovudine Genotoxicity
Mass and morphology of Emiliania huxleyi coccoliths in the Mediterranean Sea: MedSeA and Meteor M84/3 cruise samples (May 2013, April 2011).
Basic and other measurements of radiation from the Baseline Surface Radiation Network (BSRN) Station Ny-Ålesund in the years 1992 to 2013, reference list of 253 datasets.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and metabolism of bacterial communities from coastal waters.
Phytoplankton pigment concentrations during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXVII/2.
Planktonic and benthic foraminiferal stable isotopes, SSTs and thermocline temperature, coccoliths and benthic foraminiferal assemblages, and productivity reconstruction for sediment core MD06-3067.
Meiofauna abundances in sediments from the Håkon Mosby Mud Volcano (HMMV) obtained during expeditions with Polarstern and Pourquoi Pas?
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172033.
Thermistor chain temperature data from the EMSO-Azores observatory, 2016-2017
Rare earth elements determined in ice core EDML by inductively coupled plasma time of flight mass spectrometry (ICP-TOF-MS).
Experiment: The effect of temperature, salinity and growth rate on the stable hydrogen isotopic composition of long chain alkenones produced by Emiliania huxleyi and Gephyrocapsa oceanica.
Coral oxygen isotope and Sr/Ca data from the Northern Gulf of Aqaba (modern), sample EILAT-15B.
Additional file 11 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
Summer sea surface temperatures calculated from radiolaria at ODP Site 177-1089 in the subantarctic Atlantic.
Additional file 1: of Unravelling population genetic structure with mitochondrial DNA in a notional panmictic coastal crab species: sample size makes the difference
Accumulation rate of firn core DML12C98_17.
Data for: Subpolar North Atlantic sea surface temperature since 6 ka BP: indications of anomalous ocean-atmosphere interactions at 4-2 ka BP
Data: Carry-over effects of pre-breeding diets on seahorse (Hippocampus reidi) reproductive success
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) measurements on mumiyo deposit PRM8 (profile C) from Petermann Range.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and physiological performance of the rhodolith Sporolithon sp.
Modeled light transmission through sea ice into the Arctic Ocean for August 2011, links to NetCFD files.
Experiment on epibacterial abundance on surface of Agarophyton.
Otolith microstructure analysis on Sprattus sprattus trawled during R/V Dana cruise Dana04/8.
Abundance of epibenthic echinoderms at seafloor photography station M21/5_317.
Data for \"On the impact of Citizen Science-derived data quality on deep learning based classification in marine images\"
Carbon isotopic record of CO2 from the Holocene of the Dome C ice core.
Photographs of Potter Cove, King George Island, looking northeast towards glacier in 2014.
Supplementary Material for: Transcriptome, Biochemical and Growth Responses of the Marine Phytoplankter Phaeodactylum Tricornutum Bohlin (Bacillariophyta) to Copepod Grazer Presence
Mean stable carbon isotope ratios of Cibicidoides wuellerstorfi from sediment core MD95-2042 on the Iberian margin, North Atlantic.
Collecting information and identification of New England Seamount Geodia species.
Appendix C. List of the species recorded from the studies and their commercial and ecological categories.
MEDSEA_REANALYSIS_BIO_006_008
Experiment on sensitivities of the macroalgal Fucus vesiculosus germlings to ocean warming, ocean acidification, nutrient enrichment and hypoxia: survival and growth.
Simulation results: CryoGrid 3 multi-scale tiling scheme - Single-tile
Erosion rates along Sobo-Sise Cliff 1965-2018.
Data from Redirected aggression as a conflict management tactic in the social cichlid fish Julidochromis regani
(Table 5) Quaternary paleoproductivity of organic carbon in oceans based on DSDP cores.
Field measurements of sea-ice thickness, snow depth, freeboard and sub-ice platelet-layer thickness on the land-fast ice of Atka Bay in 2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and polyspermy of a broadcast spawning bivalve.
Sulphate reduction and methane oxidation rates of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station MSM16/2_838-1 (Sample 3, new flow surface).
Supplementary File – Table S7. Summary of presence of multiple sex chromosomes in Teleostei, probable mechanism of their origin, karyotype composition and estimation of the number of independent origins of multiple sex chromosomes with comment regarding statistical analysis. from Multiple sex chromosomes in teleost fishes from a cytogenetic perspective: state of the art and future challenges
Seabed images from deep-sea sponge aggregations in the Faroe-Shetland Channel Nature Conservation Marine Protected Area.
Data for: Modern and late Pleistocene particulate organic carbon transport by the Amazon River: Insights from long-chain alkyl diols
Hydrogen isotope ratios of terrestrial plant wax from ODP Hole 175-1085A.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20111124Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Supplement 5. Additional material for terrestrial eNPP: Fig. 1, global natural forest aboveground eNPP, and Fig. 4A, global natural vegetation aboveground eNPP (excluding managed vegetation and wetlands).
Pollen and spore record of profile LAO13-94.
Arctic Ocean - multichannel seismic reflection profiles recorded during RV POLARSTERN cruise PS87.
Supplement 1. Text files of the input data for the 101 Ecopath models and R code for Spearman correlation tests.
Physical oceanography from glider mission IFM10_depl03.
CFU data from Vibrio alginolyticus strains, resulting from a controlled infection experiment using juvenile pipefish.
Stomach content of Sprattus sprattus during R/V Alexander von Humboldt cruise AvH44/02/03.
(Appendix 3) Stable isotope record of Neogloboquadrina pachyderma of sediment core GIK23256-1 in the Arctic Ocean.
MSM20/2 raw data of EM120 multibeam echosounder (bathymetry & beam time series).
Upward looking videos recorded with an ROV under sea ice at station PS80/255-1.
3D ground penetrating radar (GPR on a late Pleistocene ice complex in northern east Siberia, Bol'shoy Lyakhovsky, Russia, August 2014.
Radon 222 and Radium 226 measured on water bottle samples during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVI/3 (TransArc).
Appendix H. Prey excursion size in relation to alternative metric of acute predation risk.
Additional file 3: of Phylogenetic and morphological characterization of trypanosomes from Brazilian armoured catfishes and leeches reveal high species diversity, mixed infections and a new fish trypanosome species
Dataset 3 from Phylogenetic and functional evidence suggests that deep-ocean ecosystems are highly sensitive to environmental change and direct human disturbance.
Main climatic and human drivers that potentially affected the spiny lobster fishery from the Galapagos Islands between 1997 and 2011.
Absorption coefficient spectra (median) of non-algal particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS99.
File 6: Cyanobacteria taxa
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment cores MD925-2002 and MD03-2690.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2011.
MOESM2 of Epigenetic origin of adaptive phenotypic variants in the human blood fluke Schistosoma mansoni
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20091004Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Data for: Mapping ecological diversity and interactions with bottom-contact fishing on the Flemish Cap (northwest Atlantic)
Additional file 2: of Double maternal-effect: duplicated nucleoplasmin 2 genes, npm2a and npm2b, with essential but distinct functions are shared by fish and tetrapods
File 12: Genome sequences and annotations
Data from: Atlantic bluefin tuna spawn at suboptimal temperatures for their offspring
Histopathological alterations in Astyanax bifasciatus (Teleostei: Characidae) correlated with land uses of surroundings of streams
M162 GLORIA-FLOW, Heat flow data at station HF2004.
MOESM3 of Annual spatiotemporal migration schedules in three larger insectivorous birds: European nightjar, common swift and common cuckoo
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2013_sel_a_m_13 from Marion Island.
Dust concentration in the NGRIP ice core.
Data S6 from Sun basking fish benefit from body temperatures that are higher than ambient water
Additional file 3: of What makes a bad egg? Egg transcriptome reveals dysregulation of translational machinery and novel fertility genes important for fertilization
Methane production and storage in the Lena river delta during winter 2011.
Sedimentation rate of sediment core GIK17732-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and carbon and nitrogen fixation in the hermatypic coral Galaxea fascicularis.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2007_sel_a_f_06 from Marion Island.
Additional file 12: Table S7. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Phrase information for Dice analysis from Migratory insights from singing humpback whales recorded around central New Zealand
Metadata record for: The retrospective analysis of Antarctic tracking data project
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and survival of juveniles of the striped venus clam Chamelea gallina.
EDC dust flux 800 kyr (25 yr mean).
Oxygen respiration and ammonia and phosphate exrection rates of Calanus simillimus, Rhincalanus gigas and other copepods during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and elemental ratios in biogenic marine calcium carbonates.
Stable isotope ratios and CaCO3 content of sediment core MD90-963.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core MD02-2515.
(Figure 8) Seasonal coral Sr/Ca records from 6.22 ka coral sample.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth rates for coral fragments from the species Porites compressa and Montipora capitata.
Additional file 6: of Polygenic sex determination in the cichlid fish Astatotilapia burtoni
Bacteria growth, enzyme activities and TEP during KOSMOS 2011 mesocosm experiment in the Raunefjord.
Sequences retrieved from sorted cells from The need to account for cell biology in characterizing predatory mixotrophs in aquatic environments.
Methane oxidation in Arctic seawater, Utqiagvik, Alaska.
Survival data of three gammarid species in three different temperature treatments and two salinities.
Methodology used in the lab for molecular analyses and links to the Sequence Read Archive of selected samples from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2007_sel_a_m_14 from Marion Island.
The SUGAR Toolbox.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and microbial abundances, bacterial activity and extracellular enzyme activities.
Long-term acoustic direct-path ranging at the seafloor offshore Etna volcano (April 2016 - July 2017).
Stomach content of Sprattus sprattus during R/V Alexander von Humboldt cruise AvH44/02/08/2.
Additional file 2: Table S2. of A new SNP-based vision of the genetics of sex determination in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax)
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20090905Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Global model output of chlorophyll-a concentration, coloured dissolved organic matter absorption, sea-ice concentration, sea surface and subsurface temperature, surface heat flux, ice-covered days, mixed layer depth, meridional advection of temperature.
Specific conductivity measured with the dielectric profiling (DEP) technique on the NGRIP1 ice core (down to 1371.69 m depth).
Calculated annual mean of δ¹⁸O of firn core DML19C98_05.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2010_sel_a_f_01 from Marion Island.
Mineral composition of hydrothermal chimneys sampled with ROV during Pourquoi Pas ? cruise INDEX2016.
Appendix D. Best statistical models (based on lowest corrected Akaike information criterion value) for N and P excretion rates and N:P excretion ratio when points at minimum detection limit are included.
Appendix B. Description, a figure, and a table presenting the stock–recruitment model selection.
Additional file 2: of Delineation of the pan-proteome of fish-pathogenic Streptococcus agalactiae strains using a label-free shotgun approach
Additional file 3: of Gene expression profile during proliferation and differentiation of rainbow trout adipocyte precursor cells
Appendix C. Lists of species selected from the trawl surveys and used in the analyses.
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-18 (GEM2IceTh_TSXVal_PLUS_IceStation2).
(Appendix 6) Benthic foraminifera at termination II in sediment core GIK23068-3 in the Norwegian Sea.
Additional file 6: of Hologenome analysis of two marine sponges with different microbiomes
Data for: Seasonal patterns in round goby (Neogobius melanostromus) catch rates, catch composition, and dietary quality
Experimental data compilation, thermal tolerance and thermal responsiveness of fish species and life stages.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_021 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_697-1.
Comparing lacustrine environments: the importance of the kind of habitat on the structure of fishes
Airborne low-altitude snow depth on sea ice during aircraft flight P6_217_ICEBIRD_2019_1904101401, Version 1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and swimming activity, oxygen uptake,growth and otolith structure of Acanthochromis polyacanthus.
Supplementary figure 2 from ddRAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate with implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Management parameters values identified from leaf 4 and environmental variability they allow dealing with. For plaice in subarea 7D.
Mean spectral diffuse attenuation coefficients from 318 to 952 nm of underwater light profiles measured at discrete stations with radiometry during RV Polarstern cruise PS113 in the Atlantic Ocean.
Escape performance of temperate king scallop, Pecten maximus under ocean warming and acidification.
Data_Sheet_1_Cryptic Diversity and Database Errors Challenge Non-indigenous Species Surveys: An Illustration With Botrylloides spp. in the English Channel and Mediterranean Sea.PDF
Stable carbon isotope ratio of atmospheric CO2 of ice core EDC96, Bern cracker.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_054 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Appendix D. Overgrowth interactions.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth and feeding of deep-sea coral Lophelia pertusa.
(Appendix 1a) Abundance and stable oxygen and carbon isotope ratios of Globigerinoides ruber in the Holocene section of sediment core GeoTu_SL096.
Nitrous Oxide Measurements SO243.
Additional file 7 of Integrative microRNAome analysis of skeletal muscle of Colossoma macropomum (tambaqui), Piaractus mesopotamicus (pacu), and the hybrid tambacu, based on next-generation sequencing data
Seawater carbonate chemistry and respiration, primary production and composition of microbial community.
Additional file 8 of Host habitat is the major determinant of the gut microbiome of fish
Additional file 1: of Common ancestry of heterodimerizing TALE homeobox transcription factors across Metazoa and Archaeplastida
Oxygen isotopes of the planktic foraminifer Neogloboquadrina pachyderma (s) in MIS8 of IODP Site 303-1308.
(Table S1) Age determination of Atlantic Ocean sediment cores.
Benthic oxygen and nitrogen fluxes measured by box core incubation and aquatic eddy covariance technique at a cold-water coral reef in the NE Atlantic.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20110509Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Appendix C. Change of average heat fluxes in the time period between the algal onset and Daphnia maximum with seasonally constant warming.
(Supplementary Table 1) Results of U-Th analysis.
Theme Similarity Matrix, phrases from Migratory insights from singing humpback whales recorded around central New Zealand
(Table S1) Palynology of IODP Hole 302-M0004A.
Additional file 2: Table S2. of Gene-centromere mapping in meiotic gynogenetic European seabass
Temperature monitoring in the Thai Andaman Sea coral reefs from 2009-11 to 2010-04 - Miang West.
(Table 1) Chemical and isotopic composition of pore fluids in cores TGC-1 and TGC-6.
Biogenic silicate concentration in sea water samples, collected from the CTD in the Southern Ocean during the austral summer of 2016/2017, on board the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
(Figure 5) Foraminifera abundance and sea-surface temperature of sediment core JM97-948/2A.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes during experiments with spider crab Hyas araneus, 2009.
Modelled spatial and seasonal distribution of Blue Whiting (Micromesistius poutassou) larvae in the North-East Atlantic (1951 to 2005).
S3. Observations of harbour seals from Simulated seal scarer sounds scare porpoises, but not seals: species-specific responses to 12 kHz deterrence sounds
Triaxial compression tests with gas hydrate-bearing sediments.
Sea Surface Temperature (SST) Mg/Ca record for the surface-dwelling planktonic foraminifera Globigerina bulloides.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and skeletal integrity of a marine keystone predator (Asterias rubens).
Processed monosaccharide anhydrides records from sediment core JC11-K5, Lake Czechowskie, N Poland.
General responses of Thoracosphaera heimii grown under a range of pCO2.
Surface velocities of Wilkins Ice Shelf between 2006 and 2009, link to GeoTIFFs.
Transient experiment of MIS 3 performed with LOVECLIM
Additional file 19: of The transcriptome of metamorphosing flatfish
Additional file 4 of Genome evolution during bread wheat formation unveiled by the distribution dynamics of SSR sequences on chromosomes using FISH
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20091011Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Additional file 5 of Exploring genetic resistance to infectious salmon anaemia virus in Atlantic salmon by genome-wide association and RNA sequencing
Additional file 5: of Daphnia galeata responds to the exposure to an ichthyosporean gut parasite by down-regulation of immunity and lipid metabolism
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_041.
Appendix A: Results of the pollen analysis of the PG1755 core from Lake Billyakh.
Metadata record for: A late Pleistocene dataset of Agulhas Current variability
Additional file 4: of Phylogenetic and morphological characterization of trypanosomes from Brazilian armoured catfishes and leeches reveal high species diversity, mixed infections and a new fish trypanosome species
Seawater carbonate chemistry and cell numbers during experiments with dinoflagellates, 2007.
Appendix C. Comparisons of community structure of experiments 1 and 2 Williamstown.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS39/024-9.
Seafloor observation in the Sea of Marmara: Acoustic direct path-ranging, pressure, and temperature data.
Additional file 9: of Differences in neurochemical profiles of two gadid species under ocean warming and acidification
Aerosol concentration at Kohnen station in south summer 2000, 2001 and 2002.
Metabolic responses to high pCO2 conditions at a CO2 vent site in juveniles of a marine isopod species assemblage.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and colony growth and skeletal mass of bryozoans.
Additional file 1: of RNA-Seq in Mytilus galloprovincialis: comparative transcriptomics and expression profiles among different tissues
Seawater carbonate chemistry and dry weight of 5 and 15 days-post-hatch Atlantic cod larvae.
Prokaryotic cell abundance and biomass measured during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM29 and Polarstern cruise PS85 to the Fram Strait.
The polychaete fauna of the Clarion-Clipperton Fracture Zone from boxcore samples during SONNE cruise SO239.
Photographs of a foresting experiment in Chipana Bay.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Vilkitzkii-1314 in the Laptev Sea.
CO2 and vitamin B12 interactions determine bioactive trace metal requirements of a subarctic Pacific diatom.
Additional file 2 of Identification of long non-coding transcripts with feature selection: a comparative study
Holocene Greenland Ice Core Chronology 2005 (GICC05) and 20 year means of oxygen isotope data from ice core DYE/3.
Data from: The demographic history of populations experiencing asymmetric gene flow: combining simulated and empirical data.
Distribution of clay minerals in surface sediments of the Eurasian Arctic Ocean.
Details and levels for attributes.
KOSMOS 2014 mesocosm study: PIC, POC and BSi (Fig. 5).
Herbivorous fish assemblages and herbivory rates on coral reefs in Moreton Bay, Australia
(Exp. 17) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor in a flume experiment.
Additional file 8: of Thermal regime and host clade, rather than geography, drive Symbiodinium and bacterial assemblages in the scleractinian coral Pocillopora damicornis sensu lato
Seawater carbonate chemistry and accumulation of radiotracers in different parts of egg of squid, Loligo vulgaris during 26 days of exposure, 2011.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2008_sel_a_f_12 from Marion Island.
Transgenerational effects persist down the maternal line in marine sticklebacks: gene expression matches physiology in a warming ocean, supplementary material.
Aerosol particle number concentration measured over the Southern Ocean in the austral summer of 2016/2017, during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
Phytoplankton long-term time-series at the fixed coastal station in the Gulf of Naples, data for the years 1984-1991. Part 2.
Landings of European lobster (Homarus gammarus) and edible crab (Cancer pagurus) in 2009, Helgoland, North Sea.
KOSMOS 2014 mesocosm study: carbonate system.
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site Khatanga-0708 in the Laptev Sea.
Registry of all events from the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013).
Data from: Evolutionary processes driving spatial patterns of intra-specific genetic diversity in river ecosystems
Appendix I. A table providing conservation status statistics for 74 distinct Valley Segment Types (VSTs) in Missouri.
In situ flux measurements of nutrients in benthic chambers at station M92_0030-1.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172031.
Relative abundance of coccosphere-units of sediment core GIK23071-3.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and effects of CO2 and their modulation by light in the life-cycle stages of the coccolithophore Emiliania huxleyi strains RCC 1216 and 1217 during experiments, 2012.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_032 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_044 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Surface ocean reservoir ages in the SW Iberian margin from 11 to 23 kyr.
Bulk isotope data set supporting the manuscript: \"Stable nitrogen isotope analysis of amino acids as a new tool to clarify complex parasite-host interactions within marine food webs\"
Supplementary Material for: Genomic Characterization and Chromosomal Mapping of 5 River Buffalo Skeletal Muscle Differentiation Master Genes
Additional file 3 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Appendix A. Descriptions of covariate development and associated statistical methods.
Mesocosm experiment Cape Verde 2012: Environmental conditions (PAR, cloud cover, pump).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and counts for foram propagule community.
Additional file 6: Table S4. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
MOESM2 of Distinct immune responses of juvenile and adult oysters (Crassostrea gigas) to viral and bacterial infections
Pollen profile from lacusrtine sediment core 11-CH-12A, southern Taymyr region.
Ex situ sulphate reduction and methane oxidation rates of sediment at the rim of a vesicomyd clam colony in the Japan Deep Sea Trench (dive 956).
Pelagic palynomorphs from Bodudd section in Gotland, Sweden.
6. Last Interglacial Al/Si log-ratio data from sediment core GeoB9506-1.
Stomach content of Sprattus sprattus during R/V Alexander von Humboldt cruise AvH44/03/01.
delta 18O measured on ice core NGRIP on AICC2012 chronology.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_049 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Temperature monitoring in the Thai Andaman Sea coral reefs from 2009-12 to 2010-05 - Bon West.
Thickness and properties of sea ice and snow of land-fast sea ice in Atka Bay in 2020.
Orbital-scale climate variability of high-resolution records spanning 8.0-3.5 Ma from IODP Site 321-U1338 and ODP Site 982.
Microbial cell numbers measured during POLARSTERN cruise PS94 (TransArcII) to the Barents Sea and central Arctic.
Supporting data for \"Latitudinal patterns in intertidal ecosystem structure in West Greenland suggest resilience to climate change\"
Micromesistius poutassou (blue whiting) abundance and biomass data in Bay of Biscay estimated from acoustic surveys (2000-2012).
Stable carbon isotope ratio of atmospheric CO2 of ice core EDC99, Bern sublimation.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2008_sel_a_f_11 from Marion Island.
Sedimentation rate of sediment core PS1906-2.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_010 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Biofilm formation by Vibrio parahaemolyticus on different surfaces and its resistance to sodium hypochlorite
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172052.
Additional file 4 of Towards enhancing coral heat tolerance: a “microbiome transplantation” treatment using inoculations of homogenized coral tissues
Hydrochemistry at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2009.
Reanalysis of vertical mixing in mesocosm experiments: PeECE III and KOSMOS 2013.
Navigation and meteorological data during Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Distribution of sea urchins living near shallow water CO2 vents is dependent upon species acid-base and ion-regulatory abilities.
Supplementary material  from: Aslan CE, Sikes BA, Gedan KB (2015) Research on mutualisms between native and non-native partners can contribute critical ecological insights. NeoBiota 26: 39-54. https://doi.org/10.3897/neobiota.26.8837
Gridded bathymetry from multibeam echosounder EM122 data of the cruise MSM34/1 (2013).
MOESM3 of A non-native macroalga is less attractive for herbivores but more susceptible to light limitation and grazing stress than a comparable native species
Additional file 3: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Gridded EM122 multibeam-echosounder bathymetry of METEOR cruise M112.
Supplement 3. Table of data and sources for information from large marine areas (LMEs) used in Figs. 8 and 10 and Table 7.
Multigene biomarkers of pyrethroid exposure: exploratory experiments
Appendix A. Computation of the environmental complexity index (ECI).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and maximum growth rates of Skeletonema marinoi and Alexandrium ostenfeldii, toxin composition of Alexandrium ostenfeldii in a laboratory experiment.
Phytoplankton abundance at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2011.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biomass composition, primary productivity, photophysiological characteristics of subarctic phytoplankton assemblages.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and migratory response and cue preference of glass eels.
Coccosphere-units of sediment trap OG5.
Consistent increase in dimethyl sulfide (DMS) in response to high CO2 in five shipboard bioassays from contrasting NW European waters.
Dynamic epimarks in sex-related genes predict gonad phenotype in the European sea bass, a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Data from: Identifying spawning sites and other critical habitat in lotic systems using eDNA “snapshots”: a case study using the sea lamprey Petromyzon marinus L.
Aeromonas hydrophila in tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) after the intake of aflatoxins
Appendix G. Power model parameters for observed median SARs and PDARs.
Appendix C. A table of means and standard deviations of actual data used for model development.
A global monthly climatology of total alkalinity: a neural network approach (2019) [Dataset]
Biological and technical parameters tested, for every population, métier or gear.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2008_sel_a_f_15 from Marion Island.
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O record from Bonaire coral BON-9-B, 1957 AD.
Additional file 4: Table S3. of Transcription analysis of neonicotinoid resistance in Mediterranean (MED) populations of B. tabaci reveal novel cytochrome P450s, but no nAChR mutations associated with the phenotype
Additional file 5: of Exploring the floristic diversity of tropical Africa
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO239_115-1_AUV9 (Abyss_175) during SONNE cruise SO239.
CDP, CIP and PIP In-situ arctic cloud microphysical properties observed during ACLOUD-AC3 campaign in June 2017.
Direct evidence for toxin production by Pseudo-nitzschia plurisecta (Bacillariophyceae) and extension of its distribution area
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172026.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and net photosynthesis, C/N ratio, growth rate, size of Ostreococcus tauri in a laboratory experiment.
Raw multibeam bathymetry data collected around Scott Island in the Southern Ocean on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Continuous VM-ADCP (vessel-mounted acoustic Doppler current profiler) profiles of horizontal velocities and raw acoustic gain control data during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Vostok carbon isotopic data of atmospheric methane.
Stable isotopic composition of three foraminifera species in ODP Hole 160-963D.
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments: Davies Reef MPB growth and chamber fluxes.
Additional file 5: of A de novo approach to disentangle partner identity and function in holobiont systems
Phytoplankton abundance at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2009.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, citrate synthase (CS), cytochrome c oxidase (COX) of the Antarctic fish Notothenia rossii in a laboratory experiment.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and lipid production of Isochrysis galbana and Tetraselmis suecica.
Mesocosm experiment on warming and acidification effects in 2012: Phytoplankton biomass.
EDC calcium and dust concentrations.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_053 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biochemical composition of the coccolithophore Emiliania huxleyi.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and photoinhibition in Desmarestia anceps.
Dataset associated with article \"Robots mediating interactions between animals for interspecies collective behaviors\"
Group-specific biodiversity estimates for the Mediterranean marine biota through time [16], [19], [68], including the current estimate (estimate 2009), and online free-access global databases [71], [77]–[81].
(Table 1) Characteristics of air temperature, sea surface temperature, sea surface salinity, nutrients, and total particulate matter for Admiralty Bay and Potter Cove, King George Island, Antarctica.
Additional file 1: of Double maternal-effect: duplicated nucleoplasmin 2 genes, npm2a and npm2b, with essential but distinct functions are shared by fish and tetrapods
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_058 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and processes during experiments with Emiliania huxleyi (PML B93/11A).
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110520Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Natural abundance of stable isotopes in micronekton fish species from the BATHYPELAGIC cruise (North Atlantic, June 2018): carbon and nitrogen values in bulk tissues and nitrogen values in amino acids.
Processed Sub Bottom Profiler (SBP) data around Tristan da Cunha.
Trace metal concentration from water samples during METEOR cruise M77/3.
Additional file 2: of High-resolution and high-precision correlation of dark and light layers in the Quaternary hemipelagic sediments of the Japan Sea recovered during IODP Expedition 346
Lagrangian back-tracing results for Kohnen station given every 1 m of the depth.
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110726Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
MOESM4 of Development of an oligonucleotide dye solution facilitates high throughput and cost-efficient chromosome identification in peanut
Data from: Resolving Cypriniformes relationships using an anchored enrichment approach
Seawater carbonate chemistry, stable carbon isotope fractionation and growth rate during experiments with marine phytoplankton community, 1999.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2009_sel_a_f_03 from Marion Island.
Fully Automated Supraglacial-Water Tracking algorithm for Ice Shelves (FASTISh).
Neodymium isotopes from water bottle samples measured during METEOR cruise M121 (GEOTRACES cruise GA08).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and its effects on properties and sinking velocity of aggregates of the coccolithophore Emiliania huxleyi, 2010.
Age and sediment reflectance of sediment core M78/1_235-1.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/104-3.
Global distributions of modern planktic foraminifera abundance and biomass - Gridded data product (NetCDF) - Contribution to the MAREDAT World Ocean Atlas of Plankton Functional Types.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2011_sel_a_f_03 from Marion Island.
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Rhizolsolenia chunii during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Experiment: Metabolic shifts in the Antarctic fish Notothenia rossii in response to rising temperature and PCO2.
(Table S2) Major and trace element contents at ROV station GeoB12353-11.
Additional file 8 of Analysis across diverse fish species highlights no conserved transcriptome signature for proactive behaviour
Additional file 3: of Multilevel comparative bioinformatics to investigate evolutionary relationships and specificities in gene annotations: an example for tomato and grapevine
Appendix D. Effect of number of patches on correlation.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/176.
1) Revised age model of sediment core MD02-2488 for the Last Interglacial (period 136-108 ka).
(Table S1) Chronostratigraphic age model for sediment core MD96-2098.
Additional file 2: Figure S7. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Metadata record for: Long term survey of the fish community and associated benthic fauna of the Seine estuary nursery grounds
MOESM2 of Annual spatiotemporal migration schedules in three larger insectivorous birds: European nightjar, common swift and common cuckoo
(Table 3) Dead (not stained) benthic foraminifera from stations in the northern Gulf of California.
Heat fluxes and surface radiation measurements from Samoylov Island, Lena Delta, Siberia, October 2007 to March 2008.
Environmental factors influencing benthic communities in the oxygen minimum zones on the Angolan and Namibian margins.
Additional file 17: of The transcriptome of metamorphosing flatfish
Additional file 4 of Exploring genetic resistance to infectious salmon anaemia virus in Atlantic salmon by genome-wide association and RNA sequencing
The effects of elevated pCO2 and nutrient levels on Dasysiphonia and Porphyra and the effects of competition and elevated pCO2 and nutrients on the growth of Dasysiphonia and Agardhiella.
(Exp. 15op) Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using oxygen optodes in a flume experiment.
MBES Bathymetry from Formigas Bank.
Water and sediment properties at Polar Fox Lagoon.
Additional file 7 of Cytosine methylation of mature microRNAs inhibits their functions and is associated with poor prognosis in glioblastoma multiforme
Intercalibrated dataset of in situ dissolved organic matter fluorescence from ice tethered profile 64 in the Central Arctic (2012-2013).
Sediment data from the pingo exposure AWI_12P-2208-A.
Data from: Range-wide genomic data synthesis reveals transatlantic vicariance and secondary contact in Atlantic cod
Age determination and clay layer frequencies of sediments of the Black and Red Sea.
Herbivore-induced defence response in the brown seaweed Fucus vesiculosus (Phaeophyceae): temporal pattern and gene expression
(Table 2) Overview of the SPM sample stations in the Yenisei River.
Additional file 8: of Transcriptomic response to parasite infection in Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) depends on rearing density
Supplementary figures: slices, histograms & PCA
Additional file 4 of Comparison between transcriptomic responses to short-term stress exposures of a common Holarctic and endemic Lake Baikal amphipods
Appendix C. Details of winter mean sea surface temperatures and sea surface temperature anomalies as a function of time at the Falkland Islands.
Bulk components of sediment core SO201-2-101.
Particle characterization at CVAO during the 2007 RHaMBLe intensive.
Diversity of dead benthic foraminiferal assemblages in South Atlantic surface sediments.
Stable isotopes measured on benthic foraminifers of sediment core SO201-2-101.
Rare earth elements determined in ice core EDC by inductively coupled plasma sector field mass spectrometry (ICP-SF-MS).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and taxonomic assemblage of fungal communities from the southern North Sea.
Additional file 3: of Double maternal-effect: duplicated nucleoplasmin 2 genes, npm2a and npm2b, with essential but distinct functions are shared by fish and tetrapods
Composting of marine fish residues and rice husk
Bulk solid-phase contents of Mn, Fe, Al for sediment cores taken during SONNE cruise SO239 in the Clarion-Clipperton Zone (CCZ).
Long chain diol index and paleotemperature reconstruction for IODP Hole 306-U1313C.
Particulate organic carbon concentration in seawater profiles collected on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov in the Southern Ocean during the austral summer of 2016/2017 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Late Miocene radiogenic Sr, Nd, and Pb isotope data of the detrital clay fraction from IODP Site 353-U1443.
Nematode abundances in sediments from the Storegga Slide (Norwegian Sea) obtained during the VICKING expedition in 2006.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100214Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and survival, calcification rate of 4 species of coral over a 93-day ocean acidification and warming laboratory experiment.
Appendix E. Details concerning the distribution, abundance, and diversity of mesograzers on seaweeds from Goat Island, northeastern New Zealand.
(Table A3) Semi-quantitative frequency of Globorotalia menardii in sediment core SO164-17-2.
Physical oceanography from mooring KPO_1096.
The potential impact of underwater exhausted CO2 from innovative ships on invertebrate communities.
Stable oxygen isotopes of ice core EDML on the GICC05 time scale.
Heterologous Expression of Fluostatin Gene ClusterLeads to a Bioactive Heterodimer
Pore water chemistry, grain sizes and sediment temperature of 4 sediment cores from submarine permafrost at Mamontov Klyk Cape, Laptev Sea shelf.
Appendix H. Temporal variation in cover of algal species measured during the experiment.
Appendix A. Methodological details for bioenergetics models.
Snow thickness at Ice Camp 2 on 2013-09-23 (SnowTh_ROVgrid_IceStation2_SeparateREFSystem).
Concentrations of dinoflagellate cysts in the surface layer of bottom sediment from the White Sea.
Additional file 2: of Comparative analysis of amplicon and metagenomic sequencing methods reveals key features in the evolution of animal metaorganisms
Additional file 12: of Microtubule polyglutamylation and acetylation drive microtubule dynamics critical for platelet formation
Ocean acidification induces budding in larval sea urchins.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification conditions and calcification rates of Porites astreoides corals.
Additional file 15: Figure S4-a. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Elemental proportions of sediment core MD08-3167.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20101126Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Stable carbon and oxygen isotope ratios of foraminifera from sediments of the Iberian margin.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and carbon, oxygen and boron isotopes within Ochrosphaera neapolitana.
Appendix B. The diatom genera encountered in this study.
Optical aerosol profiles from the Raman Lidar Polly-XT during MOSAiC.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and respiratory metabolism of microplankton.
Additional file 5: Table S3. of Karyotype differentiation in 19 species of river loach fishes (Nemacheilidae, Teleostei): extensive variability associated with rDNA and heterochromatin distribution and its phylogenetic and ecological interpretation
Planktonic foraminifera shell size from sediment traps Cape Blanc-3 and Cape Blanc-18.
Python & R Scripts
Properties of seawater from a Sea-Bird TSG temperature and conductivity sensor mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during campaign TARA_20110220Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Pore water geochemistry of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station MSM16/2_838-1 (Sample 3, new flow surface).
Temperature, oxygen and hydrogen sulphide measurements above bathymodiolin mussels during ROV dive M60/3-66 part b.
Appendix A. Nested MANOVA on the effect of seascape, site, and shore height on percentage of cover of three size classes of mussels on the rock surface, and the separated ANOVA on the cover of the patches of the different size classes.
EPOCA Svalbard 2010 mesocosm experiment: bacterial community structure.
Gridded EM122 multibeam-echosounder bathymetry of cruise MSM36 - Gulf of Cadiz.
Glaberman et al 2019 Chemosphere
Habitat traits and food availability determine the response of marine invertebrates to ocean acidification.
Artificial oxygen fluxes measured by the eddy correlation method using stirring-sensitive oxygen microsensor and oxygen optodes in a flume experiment.
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172037.
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O record from Bonaire coral BON-6-A, 2.35 ka.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and ROS and EPS production of the Trichodesmium erythraeum.
Accumulation rate of firn core DML07C98_31 (B31).
Effects of ocean acidification on the calcification of otoliths of larval Atlantic cod Gadus morhua.
Nd, Sr, and Pb isotope data of IODP Site 353-U1443 measured on the detrital clay fraction.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and calcification rate of 10 investigated species of marine calcifiers.
Data from: Spatial heterogeneity in the Mediterranean Biodiversity Hotspot affects barcoding accuracy of its freshwater fishes
serrano A-sf8c data
Appendix A. Results of repeated-measures ANOVA on sediment and nutrient effects on limnological parameters.
(Table S1) Geochemistry for sediment core MD02-2515.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and reproduction of fish.
(Table 4) Crenarchaeol and the total amount of brGDGTs in Yenisei suspended particulate matter samples.
Additional file 4 of Chromosome behavior during meiosis in pollen mother cells from Saccharum officinarum × Erianthus arundinaceus F1 hybrids
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_037 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Supplementary Material for: Molecular Characterization of Xp Chromosome Deletion in a Fertile Cow
Raw data used for COI delineation of the Eupolybothrus species: Authors: Stoev et al. 2013            Data type: genomic            The archive contains the following data: 1) fasta-Alignment as the basis for all analyses (.FASTA), 2) mega-file for the calculation of the genetic distances and the NJ tree (.MDSX), 3) NJ-tree in Newick format (.NWK), 4) graph of the TCS Software for the Statistical Parsimony method (.GRAPH)            File: E_cavernicolus.rar           from:   Eupolybothrus cavernicolus Komerički & Stoev sp. n. (Chilopoda: Lithobiomorpha: Lithobiidae): the first eukaryotic species description combining transcriptomic, DNA barcoding and micro-CT imaging data - Biodiversity Data Journal 1: e1013 (28 October 2013) https://doi.org/10.3897/BDJ.1.e1013
Sedimentology and age control parameter of core PS2185-6.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_047 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for Fragilariopsis kerguelensis during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Environmental characteristics during MedSeA and Meteor M84/3 cruises in the Mediterranean Sea (May 2013, April 2011).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and acid-base physiology, skeleton properties, and metal contamination in two echinoderms.
Bulk organic geochemistry of Hole 302-M0004B.
Natural stable isotopes ratios and associated elemental concentrations of sediment core PRGL 1-4 from the Gulf on Lion.
A taxonomically harmonized and temporally standardized fossil pollen data from Siberia covering the last 40 ka: plant functional types.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and microbial community composition data of a mesocosm study in the eastern Baltic Sea.
Results of nodule detection along OFOS tracks of RV SONNE cruise SO268.
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O record from Bonaire coral BON-4-G, 4.27 ka.
Simulations on calcite-protein interactions
Lagrangian back-tracing results for Kohnen station given every 100 model years.
(Table S1) Results of isotope analysis from shells of Mytilus galloprovincialis at the experimental site B1 and control site C.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Marguarite Bay west of the Antarctic Peninsula along ROV profile JR37/013 (©AWI and BAS, Starmans, Clarke and Gutt 2003).
Automated Tools for Layer Recognition (BMPix) and Counting (PEAK).
Summary statistics of the explanatory variables of ZINB models of the four elasmobranch species: a) Mustelus mustelus, b) Squalus acanthias; c) Myliobatis aquila and d) Pteroplatytrigon violacea.
Dissolved iron measurements from 44 stations in the shallow Arctic Ocean waters and Shelf Sea's during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2.
MEDSEA_HINDCAST_WAV_006_012
The O2, pH and Ca2+ Microenvironment of Benthic Foraminifera in a High CO2 World.
Appendix J. A map showing the number and percentage of Valley Segment Types (VSTs) that are represented in GAP management-status 1 or 2 lands for each Ecological Drainage Unit.
Functional redundancy facilitates resilience of subarctic phytoplankton assemblages toward ocean acidification and high irradiance, link to supplement in MS Excel format.
Temperature gradient between IODP Site 306-U1313 and ODP Site 162-982.
Microbial community composition of sandy intertidal sediments of Sylt-Rømø Basin, Wadden Sea.
(Table 4) Radiocarbon and stable carbon isotopic data along river-mouth to deep-basin transects.
Convoluted remote sensing reflectance obtained from spectral underwater upwelling radiance and in air solar downwelling irradiance measurements during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVI/3 (PS78).
Ocean acidification alleviates low-temperature effects on growth and photosynthesis of the red alga Neosiphonia harveyi (Rhodophyta).
Dolomite/calcite and quartz/calcite ratios of IODP Hole 306-U1313B.
Additional file 8 of High dispersal capacity of Culicoides obsoletus (Diptera: Ceratopogonidae), vector of bluetongue and Schmallenberg viruses, revealed by landscape genetic analyses
Elevation lines of modelled ice sheet extension during last glacial maximum.
Data from: Species integrity enhanced by a predation cost to hybrids in the wild
Supplementary table 2: Pairwise Fst values (below diagonal) and corresponding p-values (above diagonal) calculated using (a) 13 microsatellites genotyped in 180 individuals and (b) 10,539 SNPs genotyped in 45 individuals from RAD sequencing resolves fine-scale population structure in a benthic invertebrate: implications for understanding phenotypic plasticity
Underway pCO2 in surface water during the 2013 MedSEA cruise.
Appendix D. A map example showing nine distinct Valley Segment Types (VSTs) that occur within a single 12-digit hydrologic unit.
Culture conditions, mass spectrometric measurements and acclimation carbonate chemistry.
Supplementary Data and Code from A novel metabarcoding primer pair for environmental DNA analysis of Cephalopoda (Mollusca) targeting the nuclear 18S rRNA region
Appendix D. A figure showing the interhemispheric asymmetry in local intercalibrated genus richness in 1855 freshwater lakes.
Effect of enhanced pCO2 levels on the production of dissolved organic carbon and transparent exopolymer particles in short-term bioassay experiments.
Distribution of marine litter at bathyal and abyssal depths at the Catalan margin. By-catch of various trawl catches during the expedition PROMETEO 2 on the research vessel Garcia del Cid.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) from the Patagonian shelf (South America, South-West Atlantic) along profile PS40/113-1.
Additional file 13 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Additional file 8 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2011_sel_a_f_04 from Marion Island.
Appendix G. Temporal changes in the percent cover of algal taxa over time.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_425-3.
GDGT and n-alkane data of sediment core GeoB4901-8.
15. Last Interglacial Al/Si log-ratio data from sediment core GeoB1008-3.
Individual and population-level responses to ocean acidification.
Additional file 3: of Transcriptomic changes in relation to early-life events in the gilthead sea bream (Sparus aurata)
Relative abundance of coccosphere-units at site GIK23414.
Additional file 1 of Exploring genetic resistance to infectious salmon anaemia virus in Atlantic salmon by genome-wide association and RNA sequencing
Physical oceanography during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXIV/3.
(Table 1) Normalized peak intensities from solid phase extracted dissolved organic matter from porewater and overlying bottom water collected during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM29 and Polarstern cruise PS85 to the Fram Strait.
Appendix C. Mantel tests.
Dinoflagellate cyst species composition of recent surface samples (Appendix).
Data from: Reversed brain size sexual dimorphism accompanies loss of parental care in white sticklebacks
Iodine monoxide (IO) measurements made using a MAX-DOAS (Multi-AXis Differential Optical Absorption Spectroscopy) instrument in the austral summer of 2016/17 during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Hydroacoustic data Eckernförde Bay, Germany aquired during ALKOR cruise AL447 and Elisabeth Mann Borgese EMB187, with links to files.
Aircraft measurements of broadband irradiance during the ACLOUD campaign in 2017.
M162 GLORIA-FLOW Heat flow data at station HF2007.
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_598-1.
Additional file 8: of Transcriptomic analysis reveals specific osmoregulatory adaptive responses in gill mitochondria-rich cells and pavement cells of the Japanese eel
Appendix A. A table and reference list for studies used in the analyses.
Circumpolar surface soil moisture and freeze/thaw surface status remote sensing products (version 3) with links to geotiff images and NetCDF files (2007-01 to 2013-02).
Electrical resistivity tomography profiles collected in floating electrode mode from the lagoon's water surface, Profile E-E'.
Additional file 8: of GC bias lead to increased small amino acids and random coils of proteins in cold-water fishes
Age control of sediment core GIK16457-1.
Kapp Norvegia Antarctic Slope Front climatology.
Colored dissolved organic matter (cDOM) absorption measurements in terrestrial waters on Herschel Island (Low Arctic) in 2016.
Biogeochemical analysis in sediments of the Var turbidity system from ENVAR5_MTB_26.
Pteropod eggs released at high pCO2 lack resilience to ocean acidification.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and environmental data, and nutrients of KOSMOS Bergen 2015 mesocosm study.
Additional file 3: of Additive transcriptomic variation associated with reproductive traits suggest local adaptation in a recently settled population of the Pacific oyster, Crassostrea gigas
Seawater carbonate chemistry and fertilization rate of Mytilus galloprovincialis.
Individual whole-animal parameters of Polar cod (Boreogadus saida) and Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua) acclimated to ocean acidification and warming conditions.
(Table 3) Distribution of C1 through n-C4 hydrocarbons in gas released from decomposing gas hydrates and during controlled degassing of pressure cores.
Holocene and Last Glacial Maximum Atlantic neodymium isotopes.
Effects of pre-hatching pCO2 on development and survival of zoea stages of Arctic spider crab Hyas araneus.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/125-1.
Long-term mesocosm study in Gullmar Fjord Sweden in 2013.
Additional file 2: of Molecular phylogenetics reveals convergent evolution in lower Congo River spiny eels
Antarctic free-air and complete Bouguer gravity anomaly grid.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20091108Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Hydrometeor particle size distribution data collected using a snow particle counter on board the R/V Akademik Tryoshnikov in the Southern Ocean during the austral summer of 2016/17 as part of the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Amundsen Sea, seismic reflection profile AWI-20100132.
Additional file 2 of Oyster hemolymph is a complex and dynamic ecosystem hosting bacteria, protists and viruses
Sea ice conditions in the Transpolar Drift during Polarstern cruise ARK-XVII/2 (AMORE).
A taxonomically harmonized and temporally standardized fossil pollen data from Siberia covering the last 40 ka: overview and references.
PEECE II mesocosm experiment: Dynamics of extracellular enzyme activities in seawater under changed atmospheric pCO2, 2011.
22. Western African annual rainfall simulated by the CCSM3 global climate model during the Last Interglacial: non-accelerated transient simulation (130-120 ka).
Data S1 from Sun basking fish benefit from body temperatures that are higher than ambient water
(Table 6) Gas hydrate-related details of unit I and unit II deposits at the Hakon Mosby Mud Volcano.
A late Pleistocene dataset of Agulhas Current variability
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton measured during various cruises to the Baltic Sea.
File 10: Heterotroph alignment file
The ACD Classification of Arctic Coasts.
Incorporation of Mg and Sr in calcite of cultured benthic foraminifera (Heterostegina depressa and Ammonia tepida) and seawater carbonate chemistry, 2010.
Specific RubisCO activity of currently uncultured microorganisms inhabiting hydrothermal deep sea vents.
Mesocosm experiment on warming and acidification effects in 2012: pH, temperature and salinity.
Navigation and meteorological data during campaign TARA_20100423Z of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Quantifying bioturbation of a simulated ash fall event
Hydrographic and current velocity data (CTD and LADCP) around the Ormonde seamount during the MEDWAVES (September 2016).
Ice thickness of Dome Fuji region, Antarctica, recorded with the AWI airborne radar system: line 20172044.
Radiocarbon ages measured on small number of individual foraminifera samples of sediment cores.
Grandparental immune priming in S.typhle - Gene expression and Size of F2.
Age determinations and sedimentology from Nagyrn, Lena Delta.
Swath sonar multibeam SeaBeam-1050 bathymetry during ACTIV cruise Activ_2014/Skjoldungesund with links to raw data files of bathymetry.
(Table 1) Radiocarbon and OSL ages of sediment cores C1-C5 drilled during the COAST expedition to Cape Mamontov Klyk in April 2005.
Additional file 1 of Genomic variation among closely related Vibrio alginolyticus strains is located on mobile genetic elements
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile MSM29_424-3.
Amphibious seismic refraction and wide-angle data recorded along profile P01 of RV METEOR cruise M69/2 in the Alboran Sea.
Additional file 4: of Additive transcriptomic variation associated with reproductive traits suggest local adaptation in a recently settled population of the Pacific oyster, Crassostrea gigas
Hydrographical time series data of Helgoland, Southern North Sea, 2019.
Maximum-likelihood tree with new clades from A global metabarcoding analysis expands molecular diversity of Platyhelminthes and reveals novel early-branching clades.
Additional file 10: of GC bias lead to increased small amino acids and random coils of proteins in cold-water fishes
Additional file 2 of Production and verification of the first Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar L.) clonal lines
Authigenic neodymium isotopic composition from sediment core KNR197-10 GGC17.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core K1 from Kongsi Island, Indonesia.
Assemblies
Ocean acidification has multiple modes of action on bivalve larvae.
Dead planktonic foraminifera faunal data from NE Atlantic multinet hauls.
COSMOS model middle Eocene sensitivity tests with different obliquity values and Greenland-Scotland Ridge depths.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, respiration, routine metabolic rate, extracellular pH, intracellular pH of the Antarctic fish Notothenia rossii in a laboratory experiment.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/072.
Data from: Phylogeography of the snake pipefish, Entelurus aequoreus (Family: Syngnathidae) in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean
Daily mean sea ice draft from moored upward-looking Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler (ADCP) at site OuterShelf-1011 in the Laptev Sea.
Relative abundances of sea ice-related diatoms in sediment core MD03-2601.
Appendix B. Assessment of the relationships between species traits and environmental conditions for littoral fish communities using the fourth-corner method.
[RAW VALIDATED DATA] Properties of seawater and particulate matter from a WETLabs ALFA hyperspectral laser spectrofluorometer mounted on the continuous surface water sampling system during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Pollen record of sediment core MD95-2043.
Appendix A. Methodological technical details for fatty acids and flow cytometry analysis.
Transient simulations for present and last interglacials using a comprehensive coupled climate model CCSM3 (Community Climate System Model 3.0), links to model result files in NetCDF format.
Additional file 1: of Hmga2 is necessary for Otx2-dependent exit of embryonic stem cells from the pluripotent ground state
Additional file 2 of Physical mapping of repetitive oligonucleotides facilitates the establishment of a genome map-based karyotype to identify chromosomal variations in peanut
(Appendix 6) Benthic foraminifera at termination I in sediment core GIK23256-1 in the Arctic Ocean.
Data for: Variation in the diagenetic response of aragonite archives to hydrothermal alteration
Cruise 64PE400: Hydrographic survey of the Irminger Sea in July 2015 for the Overturning in the Subpolar North Atlantic Program (OSNAP)
Metadata record for: A global sea state dataset from spaceborne synthetic aperture radar wave mode data
Additional file 1 of Chromosome behavior during meiosis in pollen mother cells from Saccharum officinarum × Erianthus arundinaceus F1 hybrids
Downward spectral solar irradiance as measured in different depths under sea ice (transmitted irradiance) at ROV station PS81/566-1.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth, calcification of Thoracosphaera heimii in a laboratory experiment.
(Table S1) Neodymium isotopic results from ODP Site 172-1063.
Dive depth profile of southern elephant seal MAR2011_sel_a_m_07 from Marion Island.
Tab. 1: Sampling date, location, ice thickness, salinity, Nd isotope compositions and REE concentrations for the sea-ice samples recovered during cruise PS80.
Monte Carlo simulation parameter summary results.
(Table 2) AMS 14C dating in sediment core LV28-42-4.
Simulation results: CryoGrid 3 multi-scale tiling scheme - Low-gradient slope
Profiles_Turbulence_metrics_numerical_values from Characterization of the vertical evolution of the three-dimensional turbulence for fatigue design of tidal turbines. 23 April 2020
Litter trends at three stations of the HAUSGARTEN observatory.
GPS data of drifting buoy 2018T55 deployed in the Pacific sector of the Arctic Ocean during the TRANSDRIFT/TICE/NABOS expedition in summer 2018.
Measurements of microbial processes, dissolution, water and porewater chemistry during experiments on two coral reef sediments.
Alkenone accumulation rates, stable carbon isotope record, and sea surface temperature reconstruction for IODP Site 306-U1313.
6) SST, seawater δ¹⁸O, IRD, planktic and benthic foraminiferal stable isotope data from core ODP 980: revised chronology for the Last Interglacial (period 135-110 ka).
Body length, dry mass, carbon, nitrogen, lipid, and protein of Euphausia superba larvae, calyptopis III.
CCDC 1938657: Experimental Crystal Structure Determination
Additional file 7 of Chromosome behavior during meiosis in pollen mother cells from Saccharum officinarum × Erianthus arundinaceus F1 hybrids
Additional file 7: Table S5. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
(Table S7) Resampled benthic foraminifera δ¹⁸O records of IODP Site 321-U1338.
Hydrographical time series data of Helgoland, Southern North Sea, 2020.
Primary production of carbon at station FLUPAC_088.
ArcInfo GRID map of standard deviations between different predictions for western Dronning Maud Land.
Diatom sequences.
Oil blends with sesame oil in fish diets: oxidative stress status and fatty acid profiles of lambari
MOESM5 of Development of an oligonucleotide dye solution facilitates high throughput and cost-efficient chromosome identification in peanut
Porewater geochemistry of sediment core M107_554-1.
25 Years of Polarstern Hydrography (1982-2007).
Masterchronology on Arctica islandica from Spiekeroog.
Data from: Fine-scale population structure and riverscape genetics of brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis) distributed continuously along headwater channel networks
Additional file 15 of Comparative genomic and transcriptomic analyses of transposable elements in polychaetous annelids highlight LTR retrotransposon diversity and evolution
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes of Mytilus edulis during experiments, 2010.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Oikopleura dioica survival, growth, developmental and maturation kinetics in microcosm experiment.
Rare earth elements determined in ice core EDML by inductively coupled plasma quadrupole mass spectrometry (ICP-Q-MS).
MOESM3 of Distribution of new satellites and simple sequence repeats in annual and perennial Glycine species
Additional file  of Transcriptome and proteome analysis of Pinctada margaritifera calcifying mantle and shell: focus on biomineralization
Hierarchical partitioning of spatial and temporal variation in allele frequency data with AMOVA.
Fluxes of diatoms, coccolithophorids, calcareous and organic-walled dinoflagellate cysts, planktonic foraminifera and pteropods and the species-specific composition of the assemblages collected at the mooring site CBeu.
Denitrification rates and nitrate storage of benthic foraminifera of M77/1_456-1.
Appendix C. The equations used to solve the linear dynamics as well as the biomass and relative growth rate values for each trophic group in each year.
Biogenic opal estimation of deep-sea sediment cores from the Scotia Sea.
Integrated water vapor of HATPRO microwave radiometer at AWIPEV, Ny-Ålesund (2016).
Individual isotopic ratio and trophic levels of fish species in the Eastern English Channel
Phytoplankton, Microzooplankton and Fatty Acid Composition in the KOSMOS Experiment Bergen 2015.
Single aerosol measurements from a wideband integrated bioaerosol sensor, collected during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Seawater carbonate chemistry and coverage of turf algae, other macroalgae and corals.
Sea-surface temperature and sea ice distribution of the Southern Ocean at the EPILOG Last Glacial Maximum.
Remotely sensed surface velocities, Lagrangian basal melt rates, terminus positions, grounding lines as well as modelling results of Peterman Glacier (northern Greenland).
Results of the coupled atmosphere-land surface model ECHAM5-JSBACH in NetCDF format.
Oxygen, hydrography and velocity in the eastern tropical North Atlantic (1999 - 2015).
Sub-micron aerosol particle size distribution collected in the Southern Ocean in the austral summer of 2016/2017, during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition.
Supplementary R Code for The costs and benefits of paternal care in fish: a meta-analysis.
Thalassiosira weissflogii attachment assay and phylogenetic affiliation of bacterial isolates from samples of the German Wadden Sea.
(Table 1) Final age model of IODP Site 306-U1314.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and growth,cellular composition and photophysiological parameters of Micromonas pusilla.
Magnesium/Calcium ratios and sea surface temperature estimation for sediments of the Timor Sea.
Three-dimensional numerical simulation of flow in vertical slot fishways: validation of the model and characterization of the flow
Palynology from surface sediment samples of the Arctic Ocean.
Biogeochemical measurements of cold seep sediments inhabit by vesicomyid clams in the Japan Deep Sea Trench.
Total V9 rDNA information organized at the OTU level for the Tara Oceans Expedition (2009-2013), including the Tara Polar Circle Expedition (2013).
Coccosphere-units of hydrographic station PS31/003.
Development of bacterial and archaeal communities in erupted subsurface muds at the Håkon Mosby mud volcano.
Additional file 5 of Comparison between transcriptomic responses to short-term stress exposures of a common Holarctic and endemic Lake Baikal amphipods
TableS1.xlsx from Behavioural red-light sensitivity in fish according to the optomotor response
Sedimentary charcoal and monosaccharide anhydrides from core JC11-K5, Lake Czechowskie, N Poland.
Additional file 8: Table S7. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
Benthic foraminifera in South Atlantic Ocean surface sediments.
Additional file 6 of Assessment of seawater bacterial infection in rabbit tibia by Illumina MiSeq sequencing and bacterial culture
Physical oceanography from the northwestern Weddell Sea.
Mateo-Ramírez et al Species_Chapter 25_Alboran Sea-Ecosystems and Marine Resources
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/222-1.
Multibeam and seismic survey, physical oceanography, and sea-bottom videos from the Bay of Biscay.
Additional file 6 of Physical mapping of repetitive oligonucleotides facilitates the establishment of a genome map-based karyotype to identify chromosomal variations in peanut
Southern Hemisphere forcing of South Asian monsoon precipitation over the past 1 million years.
Long chain alkyl diol, GDGT, and XRF data from Amazon River suspended sediments, tropical Atlantic marine sediments and gravity core GeoB16224-1.
Pore water geochemistry of Håkon Mosby mud volcano sediments measured at station MSM16/2_855-1 (Sample 6, aged flow surface).
Increased fitness of a key appendicularian zooplankton species under warmer, acidified seawater conditions
Radiolarians in the Sea of Okhotsk.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO239_98-1_AUV8 (Abyss_174) during SONNE cruise SO239.
Homogenized radiosonde record at station Ny-Ålesund, Spitsbergen in 1995.
Spectrophotometric measurements of absorption coefficients by total particles, phytoplankton and non-algal particles during POLARSTERN cruise PS93.2.
Dissolved organic matter measurements off Peru during METEOR cruise M93 from pump-CTD.
Additional file 7: Table S5. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Effects of Ocean Acidification on the Ballast of Surface Aggregates Sinking through the Twilight Zone.
Additional file 9: of Identification of the meiotic toolkit in diatoms and exploration of meiosis-specific SPO11 and RAD51 homologs in the sexual species Pseudo-nitzschia multistriata and Seminavis robusta
Raw data of SCADCP (self-contained Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) from three moorings in the Eastern Weddell Sea in 2005.
Lipids from free-floating sediment trap ANTARES-II_A04.
Additional file  of Transcriptome and proteome analysis of Pinctada margaritifera calcifying mantle and shell: focus on biomineralization
Magnesium/calcium and stable isotope ratios of planktonic foraminifera from the Timor Sea.
Additional file 4: Table S2. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
MOESM2 of A flavoprotein supports cell wall properties in the necrotrophic fungus Alternaria brassicicola
Radiocarbon dating, oxygen isotopes, and sea-level reconstruction of sediment core GeoB5844-2 from the northern end of the Red Sea.
Additional file 3: of The transcriptome of metamorphosing flatfish
Analysis of Mn-deposits recovered during Leg 54.
Additional file 7 of Host habitat is the major determinant of the gut microbiome of fish
Sediment metal geochemistry from gravity corer SO239_87-1 of SONNE cruise SO239.
(Appendix A) Geochemical composition of snow and eolian mineral dust from Berkner Island ice sheet, Antarctica.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Emiliania huxleyi mass and size, 2011.
Denitrification rates and nitrate storage of benthic foraminifera of M77/1_583-1.
Additional file  of Differential gene expression during the moult cycle of Antarctic krill (Euphausia superba)
Swath sonar multibeam EM122 bathymetry during SONNE cruise SO239 with links to raw data files.
Ocean acidification accelerates reef bioerosion.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and population structure of Ervilia castanea (Mollusca, Bivalvia).
Data for: Tephra horizons identified in the western North Atlantic and Nordic Seas during the Last Glacial Period: Extending the marine tephra framework
Additional file 8: Table S7. of Structure and variation of the mitochondrial genome of fishes
10. Last Interglacial Al/Si log-ratio data from sediment core GeoB9528-3.
Combined Analyses of the ITS Loci and the Corresponding 16S rRNA Genes Reveal High Micro- and Macrodiversity of SAR11 Populations in the Red Sea
MOESM2 of A non-native macroalga is less attractive for herbivores but more susceptible to light limitation and grazing stress than a comparable native species
KOSMOS 2013 Gullmar Fjord long-term mesocosm study: Mesozooplankton abundance.
Crystal c-axes (fabric analyser G50) of ice core samples (vertical thin sections) collected from the Alpine ice core KCC (2013).
4) (Figure 3) Monthly interpolated coral Sr/Ca record from Bonaire coral BON-26-A, 124.59 ka.
Distribution of pollen grains in sediment core T89-16-PC (Table 2).
Snow and ice thickness from airborne electromagnetic (EM) induction sounding over polynya event and surrounding multi-year ice off the North Coast of Greenland in March 2018, 2018-03-31.
Data for: Holocene tephra from the Chukchi-Alaskan margin, Arctic Ocean: Implications for sediment chronostratigraphy and volcanic history
Physical oceanography during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-X/7 on section SR04.
Aboveground community and species-specific plant biomass from the Jena Experiment (Main Experiment, year 2007).
Data from: Intraspecific niche variation drives abundance-occupancy relationships in freshwater fish communities
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes in the sediment core B4 from Berau, Indonesia.
Evaluation and stability of the colour in burriquete (Pogonias cromis) fillets using a computer vision system
Basement evolution of the Sierra de la Ventana Fold Belt: new evidence for Cambrian continental rifting along the southern                  margin of Gondwana
Phytoplankton abundance series (1989-2008) off A Coruña (Spain).
Under-ice export flux measurements by short-term drifting sediment traps at 27 stations in the Arctic Ocean during summer 1995, 1997, and 2012.
Life history traits of non-indigenous species of the North and Baltic Seas and the Great Lakes-St. Lawrence River regions.
Particulate organic carbon and particulate organic nitrogen concentrations and stable isotope composition of seawater sampled during the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) during the Austral Summer of 2016/2017.
Appendix A. Primer combinations for AFLP analysis; Variance inflation factors for L. elliptica and N. concinna metrics; STRUCTURE programme output for Bayesian analyses; gene expression frequency distributions; and raw data figures for oxygen consumption, activity, gene expression, shell dimensions and mass measures of L. elliptica and N. concinna.
Appendix C. Methodological details for hierarchical models.
Total mercury and total methylmercury during the POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVI/3 (TransArc).
Who’s there? – First morphological and DNA barcoding catalogue of the shallow Hawai’ian sponge fauna
Data from The importance of individual and species-level traits for trophic niches among herbivorous coral reef fishes.
Sea-bed photographs (benthos) along ROV profile PS48/066.
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured on discrete water samples collected with Niskin bottles at station TARA_031 during the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Biochemical investigation of multicorer sediment profile PS57/082.
Additional file 4: of The transcriptome of metamorphosing flatfish
Holocene precipitation change in different monsoon sub-regions (time-slices and transient data) simulated by different global climate models, with links to model results.
(Table 3) Concentrations of GDGTs and brGDGT-based indices for each sample set along the Tagus transect.
Ex situ sulphate reduction rates of sediment at the rim of a vesicomyd clam colony in the Japan Deep Sea Trench (dive 957).
Compilation of downward flux observations from sediment trap deployments in the Atlantic Ocean - Contribution to EURO-BASIN's Data integration.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and combined mechanistic effects of CO2 and light on the N2-fixing cyanobacterium Trichodesmium IMS101, 2010.
(Appendix 6) Benthic foraminifera at termination I in sediment core PS1906-2 in the Greenland Sea.
Freeze/thaw ground displacement in the Lena River Delta, 2013-2017: TerraSAR-X DInSAR displacement map and in-situ measurements.
Methane in NEEM-2011-S1 ice core from North Greenland, 1800 years continuous record: full dataset, v2.
Investigations on fossil bivalves and wood from Seymour Island, Antarctica.
Table S3 from Bluetongue virus spread in Europe is a consequence of climatic, landscape and vertebrate host factors as revealed by phylogeographic inference.
Jelly biomass sinking speed reveals a fast carbon export mechanism.
Land cover classification of Samoylov Island and Landsat subpixel water cover of Lena River Delta, Siberia, with links to ESRI grid files.
Additional file 9: Table S4. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Appendix I. Alternative explanations for patterns observed.
Stomach content of Sprattus sprattus during ALKOR cruise AL207.
The Arctic combined model and satellite sea ice thickness (CMST) dataset.
Particle fluxes and composition at two mooring sites in the Polar Front Region.
Appendix C. Results of regression analyses testing for relationships between mean effect size and experimental plot size.
Leakage propensity prediction based well activity and seismic data in the Central North Sea.
Radionuclides measured on water bottle samples at station PS71/250-5.
Age models, ostracods and trace elements of five gravity cores from the NW Black Sea.
Differential Impact of Monsoon and Large Amplitude Internal Waves on Coral Reef Development in the Andaman Sea
Carbon isotopes record in the Southeast Pacific.
Uranium-series age, isotope concentrations and ratios from L. pertusa fragments from surface sediment samples from the Namibian coral mounds.
Eruption of the Håkon Mosby mud volcano recorded by the long-term observatory on mud-volcano eruptions (LOOME) between 2009 and 2010.
Seawater carbonate chemistry, cell numbers and growth rate during experiments with dinoflagellates, 2007.
In-situ sediment temperature and pore water chloride concentration at pockmarks of the Nigerian continental margin.
Geochemistry and sedimentology of IODP Hole 307-U1317E.
Chronology for the EDML ice core from Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica, over the last 150 000 years.
Mass fluxes and organic carbon fluxes at four stations off Cape Blanc, NW Africa (Mauritania).
Weighted mean depth of zooplankton during HEINCKE cruise HE174.
Data from the EPICA Dome C ice core EDC.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of A new SNP-based vision of the genetics of sex determination in European sea bass (Dicentrarchus labrax)
Hemipelagic and turbiditic deposits constrain lower Bengal Fan depositional history through Pleistocene climate, monsoon, and sea level transitions.
A trait collection of marine fish species from North Atlantic and Northeast Pacific continental shelf seas.
Biomarker and XRD results for the last 3.4 Ma from IODP Site 306-U1313.
KOSMOS 2014 mesocosm study: Respiratory metabolism.
Communities and microhabitats of living benthic foraminifera from the tropical East Atlantic.
Physical oceanography, current meter data, and microstructure measurements 180 km downstream of Denmark Strait sill during Maria S. Merian cruise MSM21/1b.
A taxonomically harmonized and temporally standardized fossil pollen dataset from Siberia covering the last 40 ka.
Age models, organic analyses and major-element analyses of sediment cores on a transect of the tropical African rainbelt.
Data from: Experimental evidence for sex-specific plasticity in adult brain
First record of Antipathella subpinnata in the Azores.
Dust and calcium record in calculated for ice core EPICA Dome C.
X-ray fluorescence (XRF) Ca intensity of sediment cores MD04-2760 and MD04-2788.
Supplementary File – Table S2. Teleost biodiversity and incidence of multiple sex chromosomes. from Multiple sex chromosomes in teleost fishes from a cytogenetic perspective: state of the art and future challenges
Phytoplankton pigment concentrations measured by HPLC and estimated from underway spectrophotometry, and the particulate absorption and attenuation spectra derived from underway spectrophotometry during POLARSTERN cruises PS93.2, PS99.2 and PS107.
Physical oceanography and hydrochemistry from the Laptev Sea, Arctic Ocean.
Physico-chemical parameters and accession numbers from the Logatchev Hydrothermal Field, located 15°N on the Mid-Atlantic Ridge.
floodX Preprocessed Calibration Data
Colored dissolved organic matter absorption by waters of central-eastern Arctic Ocean.
Crabeater seals (Lobodon carcinophaga) in the Weddell Sea during DRE1998 campaign.
Static GPS measurements and elevation model in the vicinity of the EDML deep-drilling site.
Additional file 1: of Exploring the floristic diversity of tropical Africa
Chronology, sedimentation, accumulation rates, and artificial radionuclides of sediment core GeoB10065-9.
Coral reef development in response to large amplitude internal waves and monsoon impact.
Zooplankton distribution and migration in low-oxygen modewater eddies.
Sediment total reflectance measurements from the Cariaco Basin (MD03-2621) and northeastern Arabian Sea (SO130-289KL).
Salinity of the Eocene Arctic Ocean from oxygen isotope analysis of fish bone carbonate.
Relative abundance of coccosphere-units of site GIK23259.
Biogeochemistry of mesocosm experiments in the tropical Pacific and Atlantic Ocean.
Erratum: Docosahexaenoic Acid
Isotopic ratios and ion composition of massive ground ice on Herschel Island.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and severe tissue damage in Atlantic cod larvae under increasing ocean acidification, 2012.
Amundsen Sea, seismic reflection profile AWI-20100134.
Measurements of formation, degradation, and sinking velocity of diatom aggregates from laboratory studies performed at 15 °C and 4 °C.
Additional file 2: Table S2. of On the genome base composition of teleosts: the effect of environment and lifestyle
Chemistry and biological processes during experiments with spider crab Hyas araneus.
Results of nodule detection along AUV track SO242/1_113-1_AUV15 (Abyss_201) during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Sediments in Arctic sea ice.
Physical oceanography during IVAN KIREYEV cruise Transdrift-I to the Laptev Sea, Arctic Ocean.
Lithology, micropaleontology and isotope record of sediments from the Nordic Seas.
Additional file 1: of Comparative localization of serotonin-like immunoreactive cells in Thaliacea informs tunicate phylogeny
Production, oxygen uptake, and sinking velocity of copepod fecal pellets originated from the central North Sea.
Additional file 3: Figure S1-S2. of Molecular phylogenetics reveals convergent evolution in lower Congo River spiny eels
Active methane seepage in the Southern Ocean, off the sub-Antarctic island of South Georgia.
12.5 kHz raw echosounder data collected on the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition during the austral summer of 2016/2017.
Database of the GLAMAP project.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and Strongylocentrotus droebachiensis larval and juvenile survival and reporductive processes, 2012.
Tidal-induced mixing and diapycnal nutrient fluxes in the Mauritanian upwelling region.
Stable oxygen isotope ratios of sediment core PS2487-6 of the southern South Atlantic (Table 2).
Profile of sediment echo sounding with links to ParaSound data files and swath sonar multibeam bathymetry during METEOR cruise M70/2b.
(Table 1) Age determination of sediment core PS51/092-12.
Underway CH4 measurements during POSEIDON cruises POS320/1 and POS348.
Continuous thermosalinograph oceanography along POLARSTERN cruise track ANT-XXIII/7.
Distribution of Florisphaera profunda and Helicosphaera carteri in down core and surface sediments.
Sea ice thickness at Ice Camp 1 on 2013-09-07 (IceTh_ROVgrid_IceStation1).
Responses of marine benthic microalgae to elevated CO2.
Additional file 3 of Comparison between transcriptomic responses to short-term stress exposures of a common Holarctic and endemic Lake Baikal amphipods
Investigation of submarine landforms in Potter Cove, King George Island, Antarctic Peninsula.
Dissolved actinium in the ocean.
Benthic foraminifera off West Africa (1°N to 32°S).
Annotated record of the detailed examination of Mn deposits from R/V \"Jean Charcot\" GEOMANCHE 76/2 stations.
Additional file 7: of Delineation of the pan-proteome of fish-pathogenic Streptococcus agalactiae strains using a label-free shotgun approach
Individual whole-animal parameters of Polar cod (Boreogadus saida) and Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua) acclimated to ocean acidification and warming conditions, and time series of seawater carbonate chemistry calculated throughout incubation period.
Geo-referenced photo mosaics from AUV dives during SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Seawater chemistry, nutrients, chlorophyll a, and growth rate of Phaeocystis globosa during experiments.
Assemblage of living benthic foraminifera in sediment profile GeoB4906-5.
CDOM, oxygen and bacterial abundance in the SML and ULW of a marine monocolture in the presence and absence of polystyrene microparticles.
11. Major element proportions (XRF) and endmember unmixing results (% Amazon) from sediment core GeoB7011-1.
Flow cytometry data and taxonomic information for sorted cells from The need to account for cell biology in characterizing predatory mixotrophs in aquatic environments.
Ice-shelf surface, basal and bedrock topography data for the second Ice Shelf-Ocean Model Intercomparison Project (ISOMIP+)
Dissolved organic matter and trace metals in solid-phase extracts of water samples from the Elbe-Weser estuary.
Five-minute average horizontal wind velocity data combined from both sensors (which has been corrected for air-flow distortion) from the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE) 2016/2017 legs 0 to 4.
(Figure 1) Mean canopy forming macroalgal cover from sites at North Vulvano Island.
S1. Track lines of harbour porpoises as distances from loudspeaker from Simulated seal scarer sounds scare porpoises, but not seals: species-specific responses to 12 kHz deterrence sounds
Satellite Tracking of Oceanic Loggerhead Turtles in the Mediterranean-reference-data
Additional file 3: Table S1. of Estrogen exposure overrides the masculinizing effect of elevated temperature by a downregulation of the key genes implicated in sexual differentiation in a fish with mixed genetic and environmental sex determination
Temperature tolerance of different larval stages of the spider crab Hyas araneus exposed to elevated seawater PCO2.
Ras Umm Sidd bimonthly δ¹⁸O and Sr/Ca data and annual d18O, Sr/Ca, reconstructed Sr/Ca temperature and reconstructed d18O seawater data of coral core/colony RUS-95.
Responses of a subtropical zooplankton community to ocean acidification during oligotrophic conditions and simulated upwelling (KOSMOS 2014).
Long sedimentary records of sediment cores from the Chilean margin.
Greenland Ice Core Chronology 2005 (GICC05) and 20 year means of oxygen isotope data from ice core NGRIP.
(Figure 5D) Sea-level reconstruction from the northern Red Sea based on the benthic δ¹⁸O records of sediment core GeoB5844-2.
Individual mitochondrial functioning parameters from cardiac permeabilised fibers of Polar cod (Boreogadus saida) and Atlantic cod (Gadus morhua) acclimated to ocean acidification and warming.
Organic carbon accumulation in the South Atlantic Ocean.
MOESM5 of Is geographical variation driving the transcriptomic responses to multiple stressors in the kelp Saccharina latissima?
Geochemistry of pore water and sediments offshore Nicaragua and Costa Rica.
Structure of the ichthyofauna of adventitious streams in the South Pantanal
Seismic reflection data, calcium/iron ratios, stable istopes, and magnetic susceptibility of sediment cores from the Pen Duick Escarpment, Gulf of Cadiz.
KOSMOS Finland 2012 mesocosm study: primary production and respiration.
Depth tie points and ages of IODP Site 306-U1314.
Physical oceanography and current meter data from mooring and CTD measurements at Fram Strait.
Dust record from the EPICA Dome C ice core, Antarctica, covering 0 to 800 kyr BP.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and accumulation of radiotracers in squid, Loligo vulgaris during experiments, 2011.
Surface and permanent pycnocline temperatures and seawater δ¹⁸O based on paired Mg/Ca-d18O, and abundances of Neogloboquadrina atlantica from ~2.8-2.4 Ma at IODP Site U1313 in the mid-latitude North Atlantic.
Age models of turbidite cores and a humidity index of sediment cores from the Chilean continental margin.
Beryllium 7 measured during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXII/2.
A reconstruction of atmospheric carbon dioxide and its stable carbon isotopic composition from the penultimate glacial maximum to the glacial inception.
Radiocarbon dating on cold-water corals and planktonic foraminifera, grain size analysis, stable oxygen isotopes, and XRF data of sediment cores from the Alboran Sea.
Investigations of artificial sediments from two deep-sea in situ recolonization experiments deployed for one year at the central HAUSGARTEN station IV during ARK-XIX/3c.
Methane in NEEM-2011-S1 ice core from North Greenland, 1800 years continuous record: Version 2.
First results from stable-istope measurements on ice cores from Dronning Maud Land.
Sedimentological, biogeomcial and geochronological data of thermokarst lake sediment core PG1967.
Static GPS measurements and elevation model in the hinterland of Neumayer.
Nd-Sr isotopes in fossil fish debris from IODP Exp302.
Radiocarbon dataing, stable oxygen isotopes, and Mg/Ca ratios in surface sediment samples of the tropical eastern Indian Ocean.
Abundance of organic-walled dinoflagellate cysts and geochemical analysis of sediment core GeoB5546-2.
Nematodes and meiofauna in sediments obtained from RRS Charles Darwin cruise CD179, Portuguese continental margin.
Noble gas measurements beneath Filchner-Ronne Ice Sheet.
Seawater carbonate chemistry and biological processes during experiments with common cuttlefish Sepia officinalis, 2008.
On the role of circulation and mixing in the ventilation of oxygen minimum zones with a focus on the eastern tropical North Atlantic.
Effect of ocean acidification on the structure and fatty acid composition of a natural plankton community in the Baltic Sea.
Additional file 1: Table S1. of                      De novo assembly and sex-specific transcriptome profiling in the sand fly Phlebotomus perniciosus (Diptera, Phlebotominae), a major Old World vector of Leishmania infantum
Vertical profiles of environmental parameters measured from physical, optical and imaging sensors during station TARA_051 of the Tara Oceans expedition 2009-2013.
Database for publication from A widespread thermodynamic effect, but maintenance of biological rates through space across life's major domains.
Hydrochemistry at time series station Helgoland Roads, North Sea, in 2012.
Temporal and spatial variation in diet Trachelyopterus galeatus (Siluriformes, Auchenipteridae) in two reservoirs in the semi-arid Neotropical
ROV-CTD data from RV Meteor cruise M122 in 2016 off Angola.
Appendix J. Principal components analysis.
Swath sonar bathymetry during MARIA S. MERIAN cruise MSM81 with links to multibeam raw data files, EM122.
Cloud Condensation Nuclei number concentrations over the Southern Ocean during the austral summer of 2016/2017 on board the Antarctic Circumnavigation Expedition (ACE).
Organic-geochemical proxies (UK'37 and TEXH86) records in surface sediments of the tropical Eastern Indian Ocean.
Ingestion and clearance rates of Copepods for phototrophic Nanoflagellates during Polarstern cruise ANT-XVIII/2.
Fedosov_et_al_supplementary_materials.zip from A phylogeny-aware approach reveals unexpected venom components in divergent lineages of cone snails
Specific conductivity and hydrogen ions measured on two ice core (NEEM and NGRIP).
Mineralogical and geochemical data from five lake sediment cores of Lake Donggi Cona.
Mesocosm experiment 2012 on warming and acidification effects on phytoplankton biomass and chemical composition.
Radionuclides measured on 27 water bottle profiles during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXIV/3.
Multibeam bathymetry of Timmiarmiut and Skjoldungen-Fjord, Southeast-Greenland.
Nematodes and meiofauna in sediments obtained during Belgica cruise BG06/13, north-east Atlantic.
Satellite-derived changes in the permafrost landscape of central Yakutia, 2000-2011: wetting, drying, and fires, with links to maps and movie.
Stable isotope and geochemical analyses of sediment core SO164-17-2 from the southern Florida Straits.
Measurements of valves of the diatom Fragilariopsis kerguelensis from Southern Ocean sediment core PS1768-8.
Coral communities exposed to differential large amplitude internal waves cooling and a severe heat stress in 2010 in the Andaman Sea.
Stable isotope and Mg/Ca record of Globigerinoides ruger morphotypes.
Gametogenic cycle of Mesodesma donacium.
Photosynthetic production in the Central Arctic during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 (IceArc) in 2012.
Age determination of sediment core MD99-2201.
Monthly interpolated coral δ¹⁸O records from Bonaire corals.
Stable isotopes, core logging data, relative paleointensity, dry bulk density, biogenic opal, CN-data (TC, TOC, CaCO3, TN), element concentrations, and coarse fraction of three sediment cores from the western Bering Sea.
A 3.6 Ma sedimentological, geochemical and palynological record of sediment core ICDP5011-1 in Lake Elgygytgyn, NE Russia.
Seawater parameters and physiological performance parameters of Carcinus maenas under respective incubation conditions.
Ice Core Colle Gnifetti KCC.
Bacteriohopanepolyols in the Yenisei River and its outflow in the Kara Sea, SPM and sediments.
Benthic foraminiferal denitrification rates and nitrate storage.
Lipids from free-floating sediment traps.
Determination of millennial-scale climate variability based on alkenones in the western Atlantic Ocean.
Carbon, nitrogen and stable carbon isotopes, and radionuclides in sediment cores from Segara Anakan Lagoon, Berau and Kongsi Island, Indonesia, 2013 and 2016.
Coastal erosion dynamics and storm characteristics of Bykovsky Peninsula.
Uranium-series dating and mound aggradation rates obtained from the Mauritanian coral mound province.
Dissolved organic matter measurements off Peru.
Pollen records of the Bykovsky Peninsula.
Dinoflagellate cyst assemblages, oxygen isotope records of foraminifera, and alkenone and Mg/Ca-based SST estimates for the time interval 3.40-3.18 Ma (Late Pliocene) from five North Atlantic and Caribbean sediment cores.
Sampling data, experimental data and fecal pellet characteristics of water pump samples in the strait of Øresund between Denmark and Sweden during 2004/2005.
Foraminiferal stable isotopes and physical properties from North Atlantic sediment cores for the past 3.2 million years.
Anemone abundance and productivity at North Vulcano Island in May 2011.
The formation of a subsurface anticyclonic eddy in the Peru-Chile Undercurrent and its impact on the near-coastal salinity, oxygen and nutrient distributions.
Physical properties and accumulation rates in Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica.
Small Changes in pH Have Direct Effects on Marine Bacterial Community Composition: A Microcosm Approach.
Phenotypical responses of Fucus vesiculosus germlings to warming, acidification, nutrient enrichment and local upwelling under natural fluctuations (July - September 2014).
Paleoclimate investiations on sediment core PG1984 from Lake Sysy-Kyuele, northern Siberia.
Sea surface temperature estimation for MIS 16 of IODP Site 306-U1313.
In situ measurements of hydrogen sulfide, oxygen, and temperature in diffuse fluids of the ultramafic-hosted Logatchev hydrothermal vent field (Mid-Atlantic Ridge).
Supplementary information and georeferenced photomosaic of the Chapopote bubble site during RV METEOR cruise M114/2.
Rare earth elements determined in Antarctic ice by inductively coupled plasma.
Magnetostratigraphy of sediment cores from the eastern Arctic Ocean.
Sediment parameters of the thermokarst lagoon core Iv-99 (Ivashkina Lagoon, Bykovsky Peninsula).
Geochemistry of Lake Heihai on the Tibetan Plateau.
Benthic foraminifera, stable isotope ratios and carbon concentrations of sediment cores from Propeller Mound and Porcupine Srabight.
Branched GDGT lipids, crenarchaeol and POC in the Yenisei River (2009-2010).
Measurements of stable carbon isotope ratios of CO2 over the last 24000 years and CO2 concentration measurements on Antarctic ice cores using three different methods.
Age model, lipids, and iron/calcium-ratios of sediment core GeoB9307-3.
Chemical measurements from the EPICA Dome C core.
Geochemistry of IODP Site 306-U1314.
Revised age models and foraminiferal records obtained for the Last Interglacial period in six marine sediment cores.
Methane and stable isotope record of ice core EDML from Dronning Maud Land, Antarctica.
Isotopes content, mineralogical composition, Uranium and Thorium contents and determined activity ratios from METEOR cruise M74/3 in 2007.
Remote and local drivers of oxygen and nitrate variability in the shallow oxygen minimum zone off Mauritania in June 2014.
Organic carbon concentrations and isotope ratios of sediments from the Laptev Sea.
Branched GDGT, crenarchaeol, TOC and bulk δ¹³C in SPM of the Selenga River and its outflow in Lake Baikal, and Lake Baikal outflow in the Yenisei River.
Benthic foraminiferal assemblage counts from the Gulf of California.
Thorium isotopes in the water column in Nansen Basin during POLARSTERN cruises PS70 (ARK-XXII/2) in 2007 and PS94 (ARK-XXIX/3) in 2015.
Increased fitness of a key appendicularian zooplankton species under warmer, acidified seawater conditions.
Great Barrier Reef coral element/Ca and stable isotope data and U-Th ages from IODP Expedition 325.
Stable isotope records of Arctic and Antarctic ice cores.
Transport, properties and life-cycles of mesoscale eddies in the eastern tropical South Pacific.
Analyzation of marine snow and fecal pellets collected in sediment trap CBi-2 off Cape Blanc, Mauritania.
Solar radiation over and under sea ice during the POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVI/3 (TransArc) in summer 2011.
Planktic and benthic 14C reservoir ages, calibrated by a suite of 14C plateaus in the glacial-to-deglacial Suigetsu atmospheric 14C record.
Meiofauna and nematode abundances from cold seep related habitats along the Norwegian coast.
A high-resolution sedimentology and age determination of core PS2185 from the central Arctic Ocean.
Raw data of SCADCP (self-contained Acoustic Doppler Current Profiler) from three moorings in the Eastern Weddell Sea, 2005-2008.
Geochemistry and morphometry on planktonic foraminifera.
Field measurements on Atka Bay landfast sea ice in 2012.
Carbon and nitrogen turnover during an in situ experiment with addition of Thalassiosira sp. and E. huxleyi phytodetritus at AWI-HAUSGARTEN S2 in 2013.
Dissolved organic carbon in sediments of the central Arctic Ocean collected during POLARSTERN cruise ARK-XXVII/3 from August-September 2012.
Sediment community responses to marine versus terrigenous organic matter in the Whittard canyon.
14C specific radiocarbon ages and bulk ages accompanied by geochemical proxys from surface sediment samples in the Black Sea.
Neodymium isotopic composition of mixed planktonic foraminifera species and epsilon-Nd of scleractinian cold-water corals.
Biotic and abiotic parameters and cynobacteria abundance during an experimental set-up with varying pCO2 conditions.
Calcium carbonate content in surface sediments and benthic fauna on Antarctic shelves.
High-resolution carbon dioxide concentration records from the EPICA Dome C ice core (EDC99).
Nitrogen fuelling of the pelagic food web of the Tropical Atlantic.
Sea surface temperature record of ODP Site 202-1233.
Investigation of N. pachyderma from the North Atlantic.
In Situ Growth and Bioerosion Rates of Lophelia pertusa in a Norwegian Fjord and Open Shelf Cold-water Coral Habitat.
Monthly Bonaire coral Sr/Ca from the last interglacial, 120.5 -129.7 ka ago.
Paleointensities of sediment core PG1111, Lama Lake, northern Central Siberia.
N2O emissions from the northern Benguela upwelling system.
Atmospheric carbon dioxide, methane, deuterium, and calculated Antarctic temperature of EPICA Dome C ice core.
The International Bathymetric Chart of the Southern Ocean (IBCSO) Version 1.0.
A high-resolution multiproxy study of sediment core GeoB7186-3 from SE Pacific off southern South America.
Remote sensing quantifies widespread abundance of permafrost region disturbances across the Arctic and Subarctic, Datasets.
A multiproxy analysis of late MIS 6 to early MIS 5d OSP Site 161-975 sediments.
Stomach content and stable isotope data of the orangeback squid Sthenoteuthis pteropus from samples of METEOR cruises M116, M119 and Maria S. Merian cruise MSM49.
Radiocarbon ages, dose rates, water isotopic composition and hydrochemistry of samples from Komakuk Beach and Herschel Island.
Geochemistry of sediment core PS2456-4.
Microbiota and Microsatellite genotypes of Pacific oysters stemming from three oyster bed in the Northern Wadden Sea.
Living and dead planktonic foraminifera faunal data from NE Atlantic multinet hauls.
High-resolution marine record of sediment core MD99-2343 in the Balearic Sea.
Biogenic and environmental fluctuations of temperature and pH in a novel mesocosm concept (\"Kiel Outdoor Benthocosms\") April 2013 to September 2014.
Arctic Siberia: Modern pollen dataset and pollen spectra changes over the last 7,000 years from a lacustrine sediment core (southern Taymyr region).
Long-term dynamics of adaptive evolution in a globally important coccolithophore to ocean acidification.
Calcium isotope fractionation in cultured, modern and fossil scleractinian coral skeleton.
Gas hydrates of nonpressurized (GC) and pressurized (DAPC) sediment cores from the Hakon Mosby Mud Volcano, SW Barents Sea.
Chemical concentrations and fluxes from EPICA ice cores EDML and EDC.
Sedimentation and mineral analysis on sediment cores from the Lena Delta.
Aprubt climate change events in the Northeastern Atlantic Ocean.
Observed El Niño conditions in the eastern tropical Pacific in October 2015.
Evolution of thermokarst in East Siberian ice-rich permafrost.
CaCO3 content, terrigenous components, foraminifera abundance and age of sediment core MD95-2006, Barra Fan, UK.
Holocene and MIS2 atmospheric mineral dust concentration and composition from the Talos Dome ice core and from potential source areas.
Influence of intraseasonal eastern boundary circulation variability on hydrography and biogeochemistry off Peru.
Field measurements of the atmosphere, ocean, sea ice and sub-ice platelet layer at Atka Bay in 2013.
Sinking rates of particles measured from deployments in the Atlantic Ocean based on seasonal data.
Diversity and metabolism of the JTB255 clade in deep-sea sediments.
Age control and stratigraphy of a sediment profile from the Lomonosov Ridge, Arctic Ocean.
Pollen and organic-walled dinoflagellate cyst assemblages of sediment core GeoB9503-5.
10Be records of sediment cores from high northern latitudes.
Bulk sedimentology from Sites M0002 and M0004 of the ACEX (Exp302) expedition to the Arctic Ocean.
Radiolarian fauna of sediment core MD96-2089 off Lüderitz, Namibia.
Carbonate compensation depth (CCD) reconstruction of the equatorial Pacific.
Relative abundances and microbial numbers of organisms from water sample station GeoB15704-2.
Alkenones and TEX86 temperature proxies for core-top sediments from the southern Adriatic Sea.
Circulation, eddies, oxygen and nutrient changes in the eastern tropical South Pacific Ocean.
Sedimentology and stable isotope ratios of the northwest Pacific.
Pollen assemblages of modern soil samples and results of the pollen analysis of the PG1755 core from Lake Billyakh, Yakutia, Russia.
Tracer release experiments in the tropical North Atlantic.
Impact of ocean acidification and warming on the larval development of the spider crab Hyas araneus from different latitudes (54° vs 79°N), 2010.
3D models created from ROV videos and their corresponding subtransect dimensions.
Environmental characteristics and E. huxleyi coccoliths mass and morphology in the Mediterranean Sea during MedSeA and Meteor M84/3 cruises (May 2013, April 2011).
Open Ocean and coastal phytoplankton communities of western Antarctic Peninsula and Drake Passage waters.
Stable isotope record, Mg/Ca ratios and sea surface reconstruction for sediment core MD06-3067.
KOSMOS 2014 mesocosm study: The influence of plankton community structure on sinking velocity and remineralization rate of marine aggregates.
Landings of European lobster (Homarus gammarus) and edible crab (Cancer pagurus) from 1615 to 2009, Helgoland, North Sea.
Isotope ratios, trace elements and ultrastructure results of Mytilus galloprovincialis shells and experimental site data off Ischia (Italy).
Palynology and radiocarbon dating on sediment profile PG1756 from Lake Billyakh, NE Siberia, Russia.
Homogenized radiosonde record at station Ny-Ålesund, Spitsbergen, 1993-2014.
Sea surface temperature estimation for the last 70 ka from IODP Site 306-U1313.
Sedimentology and stable oxygen isotope ratios of foraminifera from cores of the Porcupine Seabight, Northeast Atlantic.
Lagrangian back-tracing results for Kohnen station; output of time dependent numerical experiment with a 3D nested Antarctic ice sheet model.
At surface behaviour of juvenile and female southern elephant seals from King George Island from expeditions JUB1996 and JUB1997.
Gel particles in the sea-surface microlayer during an experimental study.
Chlorofluorocarbons, helium, and neon measured on water bottle samples during POLARSTERN cruise ANT-XXII/2 (ISPOL).
Living benthic foraminifers from the central Arctic Ocean.
Dissolved organic matter molecular composition and concentrations from a large scale mesocosm study KOSMOS 2013 Kristineberg) on ocean acidification.
Stable oxygen isotope ratios and grain size analyses of sediment cores from the Propeller Mound, Northeast Atlantic.
Pollen record and age determination of profile CS98-10 at Cape Shpindler, Yugorski Peninsula, northwest Russia.
Bacterial Biomass Production, Extracellular Enzyme Rates, Bacterial Cell Abundances and Dissolved Organic Carbon in the Upwelling System off Peru in Austral Winter 2017.
Elemental, lipid biomarker, diatom and stable isotope data from sediment core Co1305 from a coastal marine inlet Little Jason Lagoon, Lewin Peninsula, north-eastern shore of South Georgia.
Measurement results of δ¹⁸O, Mg/Ca, and Ti/Ca of sediment cores GeoB10042-1 and GeoB10043-3.
Limestone petrography and geochemical composition at ROV station GeoB12353-11.
Microcharcoal concentration and elongation, and age model of sediment core MD96-2098.
Stable isotopes, Mg/Ca-ratios, and biogenic opal of five sediment cores from the subarctic northwest Pacific.
Sedimentary climate indicators of sediment core MD08-3167 and GeoB1711-4, southwestern Africa.
Carbonate system during the May 2013 MedSeA cruise.
Colored dissolved organic matter (cDOM) absorption measurements in terrestrial waters on Herschel Island (Low Arctic) and Melville Island (High Arctic) in 2016 and 2017.
Supplementary material of IODP Site 342-U1410 and COSMOS model.
Branched GDGTs in the Tagus River drainage basin and its outflow into the Atlantic Ocean.
Geo-referenced acoustic and optical data sets from the DISCOL area in the Peru-basin acquired during RV SONNE cruise SO242/1.
Sediment composition of the Central Arctic Ocean.
